pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to `93.1`.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to `74.0`.

component | Added food properties to fish bucket items: `cod_bucket`, `salmon_bucket`, `pufferfish_bucket`, and `tropical_fish_bucket`.

component | Added `interact_vibrations` field to `use_effects` component to control whether using the item emits `item_interact_start` and `item_interact_finish` game events. Format: boolean, defaults to `true`.

loot obsolete | Reverted removal of `contents` as a supported value for the `dynamic` loot pool entry.

assets breaking | Textures used for still water and lava are now hardcoded to `block/water_still` and `block/lava_still`.

assets | The game will now print a warning if any defined sprites in any atlases share a name.

assets breaking | Beacons no longer support translucent textures.

assets | Added `gui/container/nautilus` texture used for nautilus inventory UI.

assets | Added `container/slot/nautilus_armor_inventory` UI sprite for nautilus icon used in nautilus inventory UI.

sound | Added `entity.zombie_horse.eat` sound event.

blockstate | Block model elements can now be rotated around multiple axes. New fields: `x`, `y` and `z`. Existing `axis` and `angle` fields can still be used and take precedence.

blockstate | Existing restriction for `angle` value limiting them to `[-45, 45]` has been removed. Face names are not influenced by rotation and features like culling will always use original directions.

blockstate | Variants in block state dispatch files can now be rotated around Z axis. New optional `z` field has the same format as existing `x` and `y` fields.
