pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 72.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 56.

feature-flag pack obsolete | Added feature flag `locator_bar`.

gamerule | Added `useLocatorBar` game rule.

attribute | Added attributes `waypoint_transmit_range` and `waypoint_receive_range`. They default to `0` for all mobs except for players, which default to `60000000`. Valid values are between `0` and `60000000`.

command | Added the `waypoint` command, with syntax:
* `waypoint list`
* `waypoint modify <entity-selector> color <color>`
* `waypoint modify <entity-selector> color hex <hex-color>`
* `waypoint modify <entity-selector> color reset`
* `waypoint modify <entity-selector> fade <fade_start> <alpha_start> <fade_end> <alpha_end>`
* `waypoint modify <entity-selector> fade reset`

command | Added the `version` command, with no extra arguments. It prints the current version info on the server side.

command | Added `datapack create` command, with syntax:
* `datapack create <id> <name>`

worldgen dimension | Added optional field `cloud_height` to dimension types.

attribute | Added attribute `camera_distance`, which has a default value `4`.

component | Changed `attribute_modifiers` data component: added optional field `display`, which is an objects with `type` (one of `default`, `hidden`, or `override`). If type is `override`, an extra field `value` is available, which is a text component.

entity nbt breaking | Renamed `area_effect_cloud` NBT field `Particle` to `custom_particle`. When using an `entity_effect` or `tinted_leaves` custom particle, the color will no longer be inherited from the potion contents.

tag data | Added block tag `triggers_ambient_desert_dry_vegetation_block_sounds`

tag data breaking | Renamed block tag `plays_ambient_desert_block_sounds` to `triggers_ambient_desert_sand_block_sounds`.

tag data | Added item tags `happy_ghast_food` and `happy_ghast_tempt_items`.

assets texture | The game will now consistently respect the `blur` texture parameter in `.png.mcmeta` files.

sound breaking | Renamed sound event `block.sand.wind` to `block.dry_grass.ambient`.

sound | Changed location on the sounds for glow squid, squid, guardian, horse, rabbit and pufferfish from the `entity` folder to the `mob` folder.

equipment | Added a new `happy_ghast_body` layer type, which renders in the body slot of the happy ghast.
