advancement | Added trigger `fall_from_height` when a player lands after falling. Takes conditions `start_position` and `distance`.

advancement | Added trigger `ride_entity_in_lava`, which triggers every tick a player rides an entity in lava. Takes conditions `start_position` (location predicate) and `distance` (distance predicate).

advancement | Changed conditions for `nether_travel` trigger. Renamed condition `entered` to `start_position`. Removed condition `exited`, since it is identical to `player.location`. 

loot item-modifier | Added function `set_potion`, it has a single field `id` which takes a potion ID.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 8.

assets | GUI tecture `inventory.png` now contains an extra sprite for the thin layout of the effects list.

storage | Changed chunk storage. In sections, renamed `Palette` to `block_states.palette` and `BlockStates` to `block_states.data`. Moved the `Biomes` field to within sections using a similar format `biomes.palette` and `biomes.data`.

storage | Carving masks are now stored as `long[]` instead of `byte[]`.

jar | The `server.jar` now contains individual libraries instead of being a flat archive. On startup, libraries will be unpacked into a directory. To run a different main class than the server, use the `bundlerMainClass` property.

worldgen | Added int provider `weighted_list`. It has a field `distributions` which takes an array of objects each having an int `weight` and nested int provider `data`.

worldgen | Added "Block predicates" to worldgen. These are not the same as block predicates from advancements or predicates! Current block predicates are: `all_of`, `any_of`, `not`, `matching_blocks`, `matching_fluids`, and `replaceable`.

worldgen | Changed decorator `block_filter`. It now only takes a block predicate in field `predicate`.

worldgen | Changed feature `simple_block`. Removed config fields `place_on`, `place_in`, and `place_under`. A `block_filter` decorator can be used instead.

worldgen | Replaced feature `growing_plant` to `block_column`. Removed the config fields `body_provider`, `head_provider`, and `height_distribution`. Instead there is now a field `layers` that takes an array of objects each having an int provider `height` and block state provider `state`. Additionally there is a `prioritize_tip` boolean field. If true, it will start placing from the tip, which can be important in tight spaces.

worldgen | Changed the `random_patch`, `flower` and `flower_no_bonemeal` features. Now takes fields `tries`, `xz_spread`, `y_spread`, `only_in_air`, `allowed_on`, `disallowed_on`, and `feature`. Different X and Z spreads are no longer allowed, but it is now possible to nest a different feature in the placement. 

worldgen | Removed "Block placers", which were only used in the `random_patch` feature.

worldgen | Removed decorators `heightmap_spread_double` and `spread_32_above`.

worldgen | Added decorator `environment_scan`. Scans block either up or down depending on the `direction_of_search` and `max_steps` fields. At each step, tests a block predicate `target_condition`.
