command | Added the `/jfr` command, along with the `--jfrProfile` startup option.

text font | Added `illageralt` rule-like font from Minecraft Dungeons.

loot item-modifier breaking | The `set_contents` and `set_loot_table` functions now require a `type` field with a valid block entity type.

pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 8.

command scoreboard | Removed length limits for scoreboard objectives, score holders (fake players), and team names.

nbt breaking | Added `custom_spawn_rules` NBT field to spawners, in the `SpawnData` object and `SpawnPotentials` list.

nbt breaking | Changed spawner NBT field `SpawnPotentials` format to `{ weight: <int>, data: { entity: {...}, custom_spawn_rules: {...} } }`.

nbt breaking | Moved contents of spawner NBT field `SpawnData` to `SpawnData.entity`.

data tag breaking | Renamed block tag `lava_pool_stone_replaceables` to `lava_pool_stone_cannot_replace`.

worldgen | Removed `seed` field from the multi_noise biome source.

worldgen | Removed `altitude_noise`, `temperature_noise`, `humidity_noise` and `weirdness_noise` fields from the multi_noise biome source, and added `octaves` field to noise settings, used for both the biome and terrain noise.

worldgen | Removed the `vanilla_layered` biome source.

worldgen | Removed `altitude` biome noise parameter.

worldgen | Added `continentalness`, `erosion` and `depth` biome noise parameters.

worldgen | Multi noise debug values now show on the F3 screen.

worldgen | Removed `scale` and `depth` fields from biomes, since terrain is now shaped independently from biome placement.

worldgen | Removed `starts` field from biomes.

worldgen | Added mob category `axolotls`.

worldgen data | Added surface builders `grove`, `lofty_peaks`, `snowcapped_peaks`, `snowy_slopes`, `stone_shore`, and `stony_peaks`.

worldgen | Added decorator `surface_relative_threshold`.

worldgen | Removed block state providers `forest_flower_provider` and `plain_flower_provider`.

worldgen | Added block state providers `dual_noise_2d_provider`, `noise_2d_cutoff_provider`, and `noise_2d_provider`.

worldgen | Removed field `min_surface_level` from noise settings.
