particle breaking | Replaced particles `light` and `barrier` with `block_marker`. This particle renders a texture based on the `particle` field of the block model. It takes a block state option similarly to the `block` particle, for example `block_marker wheat[age=2]`.

block particle | Light blocks now show their light level when viewed in the world.

worldgen | Changed decorator `cave_surface`. Added boolean field `allow_water`.

worldgen | Added decorator `scatter` that applies an offset. It has two fields `xz_spread` and `y_spread`, both taking an int provider.

worldgen | Added int provider `clamped_normal`, similar to the existing float provider. It has fields `mean`, `deviation`, `min_inclusive` and `max_inclusive`.

worldgen | Removed `small_dripstone` feature and replaced it with `pointed_dripstone`. This feature takes 4 optional fields `chance_of_taller_dripstone`, `chance_of_directional_spread`, `chance_of_spread_radius2`, `chance_of_spread_radius3`.

worldgen | Removed field `noise.use_legacy_random` from noise settings. The new random generator is now always enabled.

worldgen | Removed field `octaves` from noise settings. It is no longer possible to configure climate noise parameters per dimension. Instead you can configure global noise parameters in files like `worldgen/noise/temperature.json`.

worldgen | Added `worldgen/noise` folder in data packs to store noise parameters.

worldgen | Changed surface condition `noise_threshold`. Removed field `name` and changed field `noise` so it now takes a resource location pointing to noise parameters in `worldgen/noise`.
