jar | The `server.jar` file is now signed, and can be verified offline without the need for a separate manifest hash.

worldgen | The noise settings option `legacy_random_source` has beeen set to `false` for the overworld. This enables the new Xoroshiro random number generator.

worldgen | Added generation step `FLUID_SPRINGS` between `UNDERGROUND_DECORATION` and `VEGETAL_DECORATION`.

worldgen | Changed noise settings. Removed fields `noise.simplex_surface_noise` and `noise.random_density_offset`.

worldgen | Removed surface builders. Removed the `surface_builder` field from biomes.

worldgen | Added surface rules, a new concept which replaces surface builders. Noise settings now have a `surface_rule` field. There are currently 4 surface rules:
* `block` places a block state from `result_state`.
* `sequence` runs a list of surface rules from the field `sequence` in order, until one returns a block state.
* `condition` checks a surface condition in `if_true` and only if it passes runs the surface rule in `then_run`.
* `bandlands` a hardcoded surface rule used in badlands.
...
The `condition` surface rule uses surface conditions. There are currently 9 conditions:
* `biome` checks if the biome at the location is one of the given biome IDs in the array `biome_is`.
* `hole`
* `noise_threshold` checks if the value of a noise using `name` and `noise` is between `min_threshold` and `max_threshold`.
* `not` inverts the surface condition in field `invert`.
* `steep`
* `stone_depth` checks for hitting the depth of stone. Takes as `surface_type` either `floor` or `ceiling`. Used for example for grass blocks, or for dirt if `add_run_depth` is `true`.
* `temperature`
* `water` checks for water at an offset. Also has fields `run_depth_multiplier` and `add_stone_depth`.
* `y_above` checks that the location is above a vertical anchor specified by `anchor`. Also has fields `run_depth_multiplier` and `add_stone_depth`.
