pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 16.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 16.

feature-flag pack | Added feature flag `trade_rebalance`.

block | Barrier blocks can now be waterlogged by players in Creative mode.

options | Added server property `log-ips`. If false, player ips will be excluded from the log when joining. The default is true.

command | The last 50 used commands will be remembered and accessable across game sessions. Recent commands are stored in `command_history.txt` in the game folder.

network | Chunks are no longer sent over the network to the client in one big continuous batch. Instead, chunks within the client's render distance are sent in smaller batches depending on available bandwidth. This means clients with low bandwidth won't time out while loading a world, and can interact with it before all chunks are loaded.

pack | Added optional field `supported_formats` to the `pack` object in `pack.mcmeta`, which can be an integer, list, or object. This enables multi-version packs. The `pack_format` field is still required, and its value must be contained in `supported_fields` if present. An example of each format:
* `15` (only pack version 15)
* `[15,18]` (all pack versions through and including 15 and 18)
* `{"min_inclusive": 15, "max_inclusive": 18}` (all pack versions through and including 15 and 18)

pack | Added optional field `overlays` to `pack.mcmeta`, which is an object with a single `entries` field containing a list of overlays. The order of overlays in `entries` is important, as the first in the list will be applied first. Each overlay entry has two fields:
* `formats` (range of supported pack versions, same syntax as `supported_formats`)
* `directory` (the directory to overlay for the respective versions)

pack | Added pack overlays, which are sub-packs applied over the "normal" contents of a pack. Their directories (allowed characters: `a-z`, `0-9`, `_` and `-`) have their own `assets` and `data` directories, and are placed in the pack's root directory. They are applied based on the versions specified in the `pack.mcmeta`. Overlays can add and replace files, but not remove them.

network | New configuration phase in the network protocol to allow for more data-driven content in the future. The phase starts after login and lasts until the player joins a world. The configuration of data-driven registries, configuration of enabled features, and negotiation of resource packs has been moved from the play phase to this configuration phase. The updating of tags, exchange of custom packets, and ping/keep-alive packets are shared between the play and configuration phases.

debug | When hitboxes are displayed through F3+B, entities that have a passenger will display the passenger's attachment point.

pack | Validation for symbolic links now occurs in datapacks and resource packs.

assets breaking | All textures in the `realms` namespace have been moved into the `minecraft` namespace.

assets breaking | All textures containing multiple sprites in a sheet for GUI have been split into individual sprites under `textures/gui/sprites`. For example:
* `widgets.png` has been split into `widgets/button.png` and `widgets/button_highlighted.png`.
...
Each sprite can now be individually overriden by a resource pack instead of replacing the entire sheet. Sprites are loaded into the `gui` atlas from the `textures/gui/sprites` directory.

assets breaking | `villager2.png` has been renamed to `villager.png`.

assets breaking | `icon/trial_available` and `realm_status/expires_soon` GUI sprites are animated with `.mcmeta` declarations instead of individual sprites.

assets | Sprites in the gui atlas can now configure scaling behavior through a new `gui` section in `.mcmeta` files. The `gui` section in `.mcmeta` contains one `scaling` field with the following `type` options:
* `stretch` (default) stretches the sprite across the desired space.
* `tile` repeates the sprite across the desired space, requiring `width` and `height` fields.
* `nine_slice` slices the sprite into 4 corners, 4 edges, and 1 center slice to be tiled across the desired space. `width`, `height`, and `border` fields are required.

assets breaking | The bundle tooltip background is now drawn as a nine-sliced sprite.

assets breaking | The icons for the Accessibility, Language, Realms News buttons have been split from their underlying button texture.

assets breaking | The Realms Invite button is now drawn as an overlay on the normal button texture, and the highlighted texture state for this button has been removed.

assets breaking | The exclamation marks on the `notification\more.png` have been removed.

gamerule | Rate of accumulation of snow and ice is now affected by the `randomTickSpeed` game rule.

command | Added the `/random` command for controlling random sequences, with syntax:
* `random value|roll <range> [<sequenceId>]`: rolls a random number based on the given `range`. `roll` announces it in chat, while `value` does not
* `random reset *|<sequenceId> [<seed>] [<includeWorldSeed>] [<includeSequenceId>]`: resets the given `sequenceId` by using a `seed` to replace it

command obsolete | Added the `/execute if function` sub-command, with syntax:
* `execute if|unless function <function> <continuation>`: executes a function/function tag and matches the return value

command obsolete | Added the `/return run` sub-command, with syntax:
* `return run <command>`: takes the return value from the `command` and returns it as the return value of the function

command | A single backslash `\` as the last non-whitespace character of a line now allows a command to be continued on the next line

command macro | Macros have been added to functions. They are defined by lines beginning with `$`. Macros contain one or more subsitutions in the form `$(variable)`. All argument variables must be provided when calling function macros. Using macros mean their commands must be re-evaluated after variable substitution, which comes at a performance cost compared to pre-parsed functions.

command macro | To call macro functions, two new forms of the `/function` command were added, with syntax:
* `function <id> <compound>`: calls a function with a given data `compound` `{}`
* `function <id> with <data source> [<path>]`: calls a function from a `source` (such as what's used in `/data get`) and NBT `path`

entity | Behavior of display entities has changed: Display entities now start updating their client-side position and rotation on the first tick after an update, similar to armor stands, mobs, and players. Duration of interpolation is now controlled by `teleport_duration`.

attribute | Added new `generic.max_absorption` attribute. It acts similar to `generic.max_health`, but is the upper bound for `AbsorptionAmount` rather than `Health`.

game-event breaking | The `entity_roar` and `entity_shake` game events are removed and replaced with `entity_action`.

data worldgen | Added `minecraft:ore_diamond_medium` feature.

data damage-type tag | Added damage tag `no_knockback`, which causes knockback to not be caused by the damage itself. In Vanilla, this is used by explosions which cause knockback separately.

data tag | Added entity tag `non_controlling_rider`, representing entities that don't override their vehicles movement control.

data tag | Added block tag `concrete_powder` for Concrete Powder blocks.

data tag | Added block tag `camel_sand_step_sound_blocks` for block producing `entity.camel.step_sand` sounds
