pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 42.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 33.

feature-flag pack | Removed feature flag `update_1_21`.

command | The item argument for `/give`, `/item`, and `/loot` now supports removal of default components with the `!` prefix.

enchantment | Enchantments are now data-driven.

enchantment | Enchantments that show up in the game naturally are now defined with Enchantment Providers.

enchantment tag | Enchantment exclusivity is now controlled via tags.

painting | Painting variants are now loaded from data packs from the `painting_variant` folder. The definition is as follows:
* `width` - width of painting between 1 and 16
* `height` - height of painting between 1 and 16
* `asset_id` - id of sprite in the `paintings` atlas

damage-type | Added damage type `campfire`, which campfires use instead of `in_fire`

tag enchantment | Added enchantment functionality tags `curse`, `prevents_bee_spawns_when_mining`, `prevents_decorated_pot_shattering`, `prevents_ice_melting`, `prevents_infested_spawns`, and `smelts_loot`.

tag enchantment | Added enchantment availability tags `tradeable`, `on_traded_equipment`, `double_trade_price`, `in_enchanting_table`, `on_mob_spawn_equipment`, and `on_random_loot`.

tag enchantment | Added enchantment exlcusivity tags `armor`, `boots`, `bow`, `crossbow`, `damage`, `mining`, and `riptide` (found under the `exclusive_set/` path).

tag damage-type | Added damage tag `burn_from_stepping`, which represent burning damage from stepping on something - countered by the `frost_walker` enchantment.

loot advancement predicate breaking | Target entity names in some condition are renamed:
* `killer` is now `attacker`
* `direct_killer` is now `direct_attacker`
* `killer_player` is now `attacking_player`

loot advancement predicate | Added condition `enchantment_active_check`, which checks for active enchantments if the "Enchantment Active" parameters exists in the loot context.

loot advancement predicate | The `random_chance` condition is now a number provider.

loot advancement predicate breaking | The `random_chance_with_looting` condition is now renamed as `random_chance_with_enchanted_bonus` with the following field changes:
* `looting_multiplier` is removed
* `chance` is now a level-based value
* `enchantment` is added, containing the namespaced enchantment id

loot breaking | The `enchanted_count_increase` function is now renamed as `enchanted_count_increase`. There is a new field `enchantment`, which containers the namespaced enchantment id.

loot breaking | The `enchant_randomly` function has new formatting and fields.
* `enchantments` is replaced by `options`, which is either an enchantment, list of enchantments, or enchantment tag
* `only_compatible` is a new boolean field that only allows enchantments compatible with that item - defaults to `true`

loot breaking | The `enchant_with_levels` function has new formatting and removed fields.
* `treasure` has been removed
* `options` is a new field that is either an enchantment, list of enchantments, or enchantment tag

loot breaking | The `copy_name` function has its possible values for the `source` field changed: `killer` to `attacking_entity`, and `killer_player` to `last_damage_player`.

loot | Added number provider `enchantment_level`. It has the field `amount`, which is alevel-based value based on the level of the enchantment.

predicate breaking | The `enchantment` field has been removed and replaced with `enchantments`, which is either an enchantment, list of enchantments, or enchantment tag.

predicate | Added optional entity flag `is_on_ground`, which matches the "on ground" state of the entity.

predicate | Added optional entity flag `is_flying`, which matches whether the entity is flying, such as via creative or elytra.

predicate | Added optional location field `can_see_sky`, which matches exactly when the location has the maximum possible level of sky light.

predicate | Added optional location field `weather`, which matches one of `clear`, `raining`, or `thunder` in the location's dimension.

predicate | Added new entity sub-predicate `movement`, with these possible fields:
* `x`, `y`, and `z` - `min`/`max` limits for movement speed along the corresponding axes
* `speed` - `min`/`max` limits for overall movement speed
* `horizontal_speed` - `min`/`max` limits for horizontal movement speed
* `vertical_speed` - `min`/`max` limits for vertical movement speed
* `fall_distance` - `min`/`max` limits for fall distance of entity, measured in blocks
* (all speeds are measured in blocks per second)

predicate | Added new entity sub-predicate `periodic_ticks`, which is true every `n` (positive integer) ticks of the entity's lifetime.

attribute | Attribute `generic.attack_knockback` now works on players.

attribute | Added attribute `generic.burning_time`, which is a factor to how long an entity remains on fire after being ignited. Values can be between `0` and `1024`, with a default of `1`.

attribute | Added attribute `generic.explosion_knockback_resistance`, which is a factor to how much knockback an entity takes from an explosion. Values can be between `0` and `1`, with a default of `0`. A value of `1` completely reduces the knockback, whilst `0` provides no knockback reduction.

attribute | Added attribute `player.mining_efficiency`, which is a factor added to the mining speed while using the correct tool for a block. Values can be between `0` and `1024`, with a default of `0`.

attribute | Added attribute `generic.movement_efficiency`, which controls how efficiently an entity moves through slowing/impeding terrain (such as a cobweb). Values can be between `0` and `1`, with a default of `0`. A value of `1` completely removes the movement penalty, whilst `0` provides no reduction to the penalty.

attribute | Added attribute `generic.oxygen_bonus`, which is a value used in the equation to determine the chance an entity will not use up xoygen whilst underwater. Values can be between `0` and `1024`, with a default of `0`. If the value is above `0`, this equation is used: `1 / (oxygen_bonus + 1)`.

attribute | Added attribute `player.sneaking_speed`, which is a movement speed factor while a player is sneaking. Values can be between `0` and `1`, with a default of `0.3`. A value of `1` means sneaking is as fast as walking, whilst `0` prevents movement whilst sneaking.

attribute | Added attribute `player.submerged_mining_speed`, which is a mining speed factor while a player is submerged. Values can be between `0` and `20`, with a default of `0.2`. A value of `1` means mining submerged is as fast as mining on land, whilst `0` prevents mining whilst submerged.

attribute | Added attribute `player.sweeping_damage_ratio`, which controls how much of the base attack damage gets transferred to secondary targets hit by a sweep attack. Values can be between `0` and `1`, with a default of `0`. A value of `1` means all of the base damage is transferred, whilst `0` prevents any damage from being transferred.

attribute | Added attribute `generic.water_movement_efficiency`, which controls how efficiently an entity moves when submerged. Values can be between `0` and `1`, with a default of `0`.

predicate worldgen | Added block predicate `unobstructed`, which tests if the selected block has no entities within the space of the block. It has the field `offset`, which is a list of three int offset coordinates, defaulting to `[0, 0, 0]`.

nbt entity breaking | The `ShotFromCrossbow` field has been removed from arrow-like projectile data, and is replaced with a `weapon` field containing an item stack representing the weapon the projectile was shot from.
