pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 43.

item component | The `custom_data` item component can now be optionally specified as an SNBT string.

item component | The `food` item component has a new `using_converts_to`, which is an item (with components) that the food item will be replaced with upon consumption.

nbt entity breaking | Removed the `power` NBT tag and replaced it with the `acceleration_power` tag to control a projectile's acceleration and maximum speed. This affects `dragon_fireball`, `large_fireball`, `small_fireball`, `fireball`, `breeze_wind_charge`, `wind_charge`, and `wither_skull` entities.

structure | Changed `jigsaw` structures. Added optional `dimension_padding` field, ensuring a structure does not generate through the edges of a dimension by the provided amount of vertical padding.

enchantment | Added optional `trigger_game_event` field for the `replace_block`, `replace_disc`, and `set_block_properties` entity effect types, which is a game event id to trigger when a block is replaced.

tag breaking | Tag subdirectories using legacy plural names have been renamed to match their registry:
* `tags/items` -> `tags/item`
* `tags/blocks` -> `tags/block`
* `tags/entity_types` -> `tags/entity_type`
* `tags/fluids` -> `tags/fluid`
* `tags/game_events` -> `tags/game_event`

tag data obsolete | Added block tag `#fire_aspect_lightable`, which contains all blocks lightable upon being hit by Fire Aspect enchanted tools.

damage-type predicate | Changed damage source predicates. Added optional `is_direct` boolean field, requiring damage to be direct when true.
