pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 45.

pack breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to 34.

network | Servers can now provide a list of links to the client.

network | Added a new `custom_report_details` clientbound packet in `configuration` and `game` protocols, containing a list of key-value text entries to be added in a separate section to crash or disconnection reports.

gamerule obsolete | Added the `entitiesWithPassengersCanUsePortals` game rule, which defaults to `false`. When `true`, entities with passengers can use nether portals, end portals, and end gateways.

jukebox-song | Jukebox songs can now be data-driven, defined in the `jukebox_song` subdirectory. The definition has the following fields:
* `sound_event` - Sound event streamed when played from a Jukebox
* `description` - Name of the song displayed in the hover tooltip
* `length_in_seconds` - Length of the song in seconds as a positive float
* `comparator_output` - Redstone signal strength read from a comparator when played in a Jukebox, between 0 and 15

item component | Added item component `jukebox_playable`, allowing the item to be inserted into a jukebox when present. It takes fields `song` (jukebox song id) and optionally `show_in_tooltip` (boolean).

attribute breaking | Attribute modifiers no longer have a UUID and name combination, instead using a unique namespaced id.

command breaking | The `uuid` and `name` arguments in the `/attribute` command have been replaced with a single `id` argument.

entity breaking | Entity attributes are now stored as `attributes`, with the following fields:
* `id` - Renamed from `Name`
* `base` - Renamed from `Base`
* `modifiers` - Renamed from `Modifiers`, and stores modifiers in the same format used in `attribute_modifiers` item stack components

enchantment breaking | Enchantment attribute effects have their `name` and `uuid` fields removed and replaced with a single `id` field, which is a namespaced attribute id.

enchantment | The `damage_item` entity effect type no longer applies damage to items held by creative mode players.

enchantment breaking | The `hit_block` entity effect type has had its context changed to take a Hit Block Parameter, where `this` is the entity hitting the block.

tag breaking | Folders using plural names have been renamed to match their registry:
* `structures` -> `structure`
* `advancements` -> `advancement`
* `recipes` -> `recipe`
* `loot_tables` -> `loot_table`
* `predicates` -> `predicate`
* `item_modifiers` -> `item_modifier`
* `functions` -> `function`
* `tags/functions` -> `tags/function`

tag data | Removed item tag `#music_discs`.

tag data | Added block tag `#air`, containing all blocks resembling air.

tag data damage-type | Removed damage type tag `#breeze_immune_to`.

tag data damage-type | Added damage type tag `#panic_environmental_causes`, consisting of damage types that cause panic in aggresive animals.

tag data damage-type | Added damage type tag `#panic_causes`, consisting of damage types that cause panic in passive animals.

predicate item | Added item sub-predicate `jukebox_playable` with field `song` to match the `jukebox_playable` item component, taking an id, list of ids, or tag.

predicate player | The player sub-predicate `gamemode` now accepts a list of gamerules.

command text | Added entity selector `@n`, which selects the nearest entity. It functions like `e[sort=nearest,limit=1]`.

sound | Added sound event `block.vault.reject_rewarded_player`.

shader breaking | Changed core shader definitions. Removed fields `blend`, `position_color_tex`, `glint_direct`, and `armor_glint`.
