pack breaking | Data pack format has been increased to 39.

assets lang | Added new language Viossa. It has code `vp_vl`.

command breaking | Changed the `/particle` command syntax for particles with extra options:
* `block redstone_lamp[lit=true]` -> `block{block_state:{Name:"redstone_lamp",Properties:{lit:"true"}}}` (also for `block_marker`, `falling_dust`, and `dust_pillar`)
* `dust 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4` -> `dust{color:[0.1,0.2,0.3],scale:0.4}`
* `dust_color_transition 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 0.7` -> `dust_color_transition{from_color:[0.1,0.2,0.3],scale:0.4,to_color:[0.5,0.6,0.7]}`
* `entity_effect 123` -> `entity_effect{color:123}` (ARGB integer, now also accepts a list of RGBA)
* `sculk_charge 0.1` -> `sculk_charge{roll:0.1}`
* `vibration 0.1 0.2 0.3 4` -> `vibration{destination:{type:"block",pos:[0.1,0.2,0.3]},arrival_in_ticks:4}`
* `shriek 1` -> `shriek{delay:1}`

entity nbt breaking | Changed the `Particle` field of area effect clouds to match worldgen and command format. For example `{Particle:{type:"block",block_state:"diamond_block"}}`.

block nbt | Removed spawn data field `equipment_loot_table`, and replaced it with `equipment`, which has fields `loot_table` (same as the old field), and `slot_drop_chances` (optional list of floats, or single float).

item component | The combination of `max_stack_size` and `max_damage` is no longer allowed.

item component | The page limit in written books has been removed. Note that the 100 page limit still exists for writable books and in survival.

item component breaking | Changed the `food` component. Replaced field `saturation_modifier` -> `saturation`, which is now defines as `nutrition * saturation_modifier * 2`.

loot item-modifier breaking | Changed the `set_contents` function. Removed field `type` and added field `component`, which can be one of `container`, `bundle_contents`, or `charged_projectiles`.

loot item-modifier | Changed the `set_custom_data` function. The `tag` field now also allows unflattened objects.

loot item-modifier | Added function `modify_contents`, which applies an item modifier to items inside a component. It has fields `component` (one of `container`, `bundle_contents`, or `charged_projectiles`), and `modifier` (loot function or list).

loot item-modifier | Added function `set_item`. It has a single field `item`, which is a resource location.

loot item-modifier | Added function `filtered`, which applies an item modifier only when the current item matches an item predicate. It has fields `item_filter` (item predicate), and `modifier` (loot function or list).

loot item-modifier | Added function `set_custom_model_data`. It has a single field `value`, which is a number provider.

predicate advancement loot | Added new field `body` in `equipment` entity sub predicate.

predicate advancement loot | Added collection matchers, which are used in predicates. It is an object with optional fields: `size` (int bounds), `contains` (list of element predicates), and `count` (object with fields `test` and `count`).

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `container`. It has a single optional field `items`, which is a collection matcher of item predicates. Empty slots will be ignored.

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `bundle_contents`. It has a single optional field `items`, which is a collection matcher of item predicates.

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `firework_explosion`. It has optional fields `shape` (string), `has_trail` (boolean), and `has_twinkle` (boolean).

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `fireworks`. It has optional fields `explosions` (collection matcher of firework explosions), and `flight_duration`

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `writable_book_content`. It has a single optional field `pages`, which is a collection matcher of strings.

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `written_book_content`. It has a optional fields `pages` (collection matcher of text components), `author` (string), `title` (string), `generation` (int bounds), and `resolved` (boolean).

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `attribute_modifiers`. It has a single optional field `modifiers`, which is a collection matcher of modifier predicates.

predicate advancement loot | Added item sub predicate `trim`. It has optional fields `material` and `pattern`, both an entry, list of entries, or tag.

worldgen structure | Added new terrain adaptation `encapsulate`.

data tag breaking | Removed item tag `tools`.

data tag | Added entity type tag `punchable_projectiles`, for projectiles that the player can deflect.

data tag | Added enchantment tag `tooltip_order` controlling the order of enchantments in item tooltips.
