pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 31.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 26.

command obsolete | Effect amplifiers are restricted between 0 and 255 again.

command breaking | The former behavior of effects such as Jump Boost, Levitation, and Mining Fatigue over 127 has, also known as "negative effects" been removed.

command breaking | The maximum length of a command in a function is now 2000000 (2 million) characters.

attribute | Added new attributes:
* `generic.gravity`, between `-1.0` and `1.0`, defaults to `0.08`
* `generic.jump_strength`, between `0.0` and `32.0`, defaults to `0.42`
* `generic.safe_fall_distance`, between `-1024.0` and `1024.0`, defaults to `3.0`
* `generic.fall_damage_multiplier`, between `0.0` and `100.0`, defaults to `1.0`
* `player.block_break_speed`, between `0.0` and `1024.0`, defaults to `1.0`

attribute breaking | Removed `horse.jump_strength` attribute and replaced it with `generic.jump_strength`.

command | Added two events to the `/jfr` command: `ChunkRegionRead` and `ChunkRegionWrite`.

entity | Added new entity type `breeze_wind_charge`.

nbt entity block | Changed how block positions are stored and renamed NBT fields in some places. Instead of `{X:1,Y:2,Z:3}`, the format is now `[I;1,2,3]`:
* Bees: `FlowerPos` and `HivePos` -> `flower_pos` and `hive_pos`
* Beehives: `FlowerPos` -> `flower_pos`
* End crystals: `BeamTarget` -> `beam_target`
* Leashable entities: `Leash` -> `leash`
* Patrolling mobs: `PatrolTarget` -> `patrol_target`
* End gateways: `ExitPortal` -> `exit_portal`
* Wandering traders: `WanderTarget` -> `wander_target`

particle | Removed particle type `gust_emitter`. Added `gust_emitter_large` and `gust_emitter_small`. 

data tag | Added block tag `badlands_terracotta`, which is used by the `armadillo_spawnable_on` tag.

data tag | Added block tag `blocks_wind_charge_explosions` for blocks not impacted by the explosion when hit by wind charges. It contains `barrier` and `bedrock` by default.

assets font | Added font variant filters to font providers. Added a new field `filters` to all glyph providers, which is a map of variants to booleans. Current variants are `uniform` (Force Unicode Font) and `jp` (Japanese Glyph Variants).
