pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 34.

recipe | Changed recipe types `crafting_shaped`, `crafting_shapeless`, `stonecutting`, and `smithing_transform`. They now accept a `components` field in the `result` item stack, which is a component patch map.

recipe breaking | Changed recipe types `smelting`, `blasting`, `smoking`, and `campfire_cooking`. The `result` field is now an object with fields `id` (item resource location) and `components` (component patch map).

predicate advancement loot | Changed entity predicates. Added field `slots`, which is a map of slot names to item predicates.

command predicate | Added slot names `player.cursor`, and `player.crafting.0` - `player.crafting.3`.

command predicate | Slot names in the `/item` command and in the `slots` field in entity predicates now also allow slot ranges. Possible slot ranges are: `container.*`, `hotbar.*`, `inventory.*`, `enderchest.*`, `villager.*`, `horse.*`, `weapon.*`, `armor.*`, `player.crafting.*`.

command | Added `/execute if items` command, with syntax:
* `/execute if|unless items <source> <slots> <item_predicate>`

banner | Added banner patterns, which are stored in the `banner_pattern` data pack folder. It has two fields: `asset_id` (namespaced string), and `translation_key` (string).

item component | Changed the `profile` component. The `name` field is now optional. Added a shorthand: it can be defined as a string playername.

item component | Added some alternative shorthands to components:
* `profile` can now also be a player name string
* `dyed_color` can now also be an integer rgb
* `attribute_modifiers` can now also be a list of modifiers
* `potion_contents` can now also be a single potion string
* `enchantments` and `stored_enchantments` can now also be a map of enchantment to level

item component | All container blocks now use the `container` component in item form, not just shulker boxes.

item component | Renamed the component `lodestone_target` -> `lodestone_tracker`. Changed its field, it now has a single field: `target`, which is an optional object containing `pos` and `dimension`.

item component | Changed the `lore` and `fireworks` components. The maximum number of lore and firework entries has been increased to 256.

variant | Added wolf variants, which are stored in the `wolf_variant` data pack folder. It has fields `biomes` (list of biomes or tag), `texture`, `tame_texture`, and `angry_texture` (resource locations ending with `.png`).
