pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 37.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 31.

network | The `chat_command_signed` packet has been split from `chat_command`.

network | The server can now clear chat state by sending a `reset_chat` packet in configuration phase.

loot | Added loot table type `equipment`. It has required parameters `this_entity`, and `origin`.

block nbt | Changed spawn data NBT, used in `SpawnPotentials` and `spawn_potentials`. Added an optional field `equipment_loot_table`.

block nbt component | Non-default components on item stacks are now copied to block entities when placed in a field `components`. Note that breaking the block does not automatically copy the components to the drops.

item component | Added component `item_name`, which is a stringified text component.

item component | Added component `ominous_bottle_amplifier`, which is an integer between 0 and 4.

loot item-modifier breaking | Replaced field `components` with two fields: `include` and `exclude`, both optional lists of component types.

loot item-modifier | Changed function `set_name`. Added optional field `target`, which can be one of `custom_name` or `item_name`.

loot item-modifier | Added function `set_ominous_bottle_amplifier`. It has a field `amplifier`, which is a number provider that will set the `ominous_bottle_amplifier` component.

predicate advancement loot | Added entity sub predicate `raider`. It has two optional boolean fields: `has_raid`, and `is_captain`.

particle | Added particle types `infested`, `item_cobweb`, `small_gust`, `raid_omen`, `trial_omen`, `trial_spawner_detection_ominous`, and `ominous_spawning`.

worldgen breaking | Int and float providers no longer wrap fields in an extra `value` object.

data tag | Added damage type tag `is_player_attack`, for attacks performed by a player.

data tag | Added entity type tags `immune_to_oozing`, and `immune_to_infested`.
