pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 49.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 35.

feature-flag | Added experimental feature flags `minecart_improvements` and `redstone_experiments`.

attribute breaking | Attribute IDs no longer have `generic.`, `player.`, and `zombie.` prefixes.

attribute | Added attribute `tempt_range`, with a range between 0 and 2048, and default of 10. It can be used to change the range, in blocks, at which temptable mobs can be tempted.

nbt entity breaking | Added field `explosion_power` to entities `tnt` and `tnt_minecart`. It is a float between 0 and 128, defaulting to 4.

command chat | Invalid selector patterns in chat components will now cause commands to fail to parse, instead of resolving to an empty string.

gamerule | Added `minecartMaxSpeed` game rule, which allows an integer between 1 and 1000.

loot | Made shearing of sheep, mooshrooms and snow golems data driven by loot tables.

instrument | Added data-driven instruments, which are stored in the `instrument` folder. It has fields `sound_event`, `use_duration`, `range`, and `description`.

painting | Changed painting variants. Added fields `author` and `title`. They are both text components (not stringified).

item component | Added data component `enchantable`. If present (and any enchantments are applicable), this item can be enchanted in an enchanting table. It is an object with a single field `value` (integer at least 1).

item component | Added data component `repairable`. If present, and this item is damageable, this item can be repaired in an anvil using the specified ingredient. It is an object with a single field `items` (item ID, list of item IDs, or item tag).

item component breaking | Changed inline format of `instrument` component. Added field `description`, which is a text component (not stringified).

damage-type | Added damage types `ender_pearl` and `mace_smash`.

worldgen biome breaking | Removed liquid carvers. Changed biome format. The `carvers` field is now directly a list of carvers.

tag data | Added item tag `furnace_minecart_fuel`, determinining whether the item can be used to refuel furnace minecart.

tag data | Added item tag `villager_picks_up`

options | Added `inactivityFpsLimit` client option in `options.txt`, with possible values `minimized` and `afk`.

options | Added server property `pause-when-empty-seconds` to `server.properties`, with default value 60.

options | Removed server properties `spawn-animals` and `spawn-npcs` from `server.properties`.

network | Added the `client_tick_end` serverbound packet during the play phase, sent when the client finishes processing its current tick.

network | Added ability for custom servers to override the order that players appear in the tab list.

network | The client now shares the state of the 'Particles' limiter option to be used by custom servers.
