pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 52.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 37.

tag data | Added block tag `bats_spawnable_on`.

tag data | Added item tags `piglin_safe_armor`, which determines which items will not cause piglins to get angry when worn by players.

tag data | Added item tags `repairs_leather_armor`, `repairs_iron_armor`, `repairs_chain_armor`, `repairs_gold_armor`, `repairs_diamond_armor`, `repairs_netherite_armor`, `repairs_turtle_helmet`, and `repairs_wolf_armor`. They control which items can be used to repair the corresponding armor set.

item component | The `item_name` data component is now always present on every item.

item component | Added data component `item_model`, which allows a resource location as value. It is present on every item by default and controls the item model in the `models/item` folder.

item component | Added data component `equippable`. It has fields `slot`, `equip_sound`, `model`, `allowed_entities`, and `dispensable`.

item component | Added data component `glider`. If present and equipped, allows players to glide just like the elytra.

item component | Added data component `tooltip_style`, which allows a resource location as value. This will customize the tooltip background using two sprites in `<namespace>:tooltip/<path>_background` and `<namespace>:tooltip/<path>_frame`.

predicate loot advancement | Added new field in player sub predicate: `input`. It can be used to detect which movement keys the player is pressing. It has boolean fields: `forward`, `backward`, `left`, `right`, `jump`, `sneak`, and `sprint`.

assets | The tooltip background and frame textures can now be customized by replacing the spites `tooltip/background` and `tooltip/frame`.

assets | Added new field to `nine_slice` scaling mode: `stretch_inner` (boolean). If true, the inner parts of the texture (i.e. not the corners) will be stretched instead of tiled.

assets | All item models can now use the `broken` predicate in model overrides. It was previously limited to elytra.

assets | Equipment models can now be defined in the `models/equipment` folder. It has a different format than other models, with optional fields: `wolf_body`, `horse_body`, `llama_body`, `humanoid`, `humanoid_leggings`, and `wings`. Each field specifies a list of layers, which has fields `texture`, `dyable`, and `use_player_texture`.

assets | All equippable items now support rendering trims based on the `trim` component. It will look for a texture in `textures/trims/entity/<layer_type>`.

assets breaking | All equipment-related textures have been moved to subfolders of the `textures/entity/equipment` directory. All armor trim textures have been moved and renamed to subfolders of `textures/trims/entity`.
