pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 53.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 38.

loot item-modifier | The `tool` context is now also available for loot table types `archaeology`, `vault`, and `shearing`.

loot entity | Chickens laying eggs is now controlled by loot table `gameplay/chicken_lay`.

loot entity | Armadillos randomly dropping scutes is now controlled by loot table `gameplay/armadillo_shed`.

loot entity | Loot given by villagers for the hero of the village effect now also uses loot tables `gameplay/hero_of_the_village/unemployed_gift` and `gameplay/hero_of_the_village/baby_gift`.

tag data | Added item tags `duplicates_allays`, `panda_eats_from_ground`, and `brewing_fuel`.

item component breaking | Removed data component `fire_resistant` and replaced it with `damage_resistant`. It now has field `types`, which is a hash-prefixed damage type tag. It controls whether the item in entity form is blocks all damage from these types and prevents the item taking damage when being equipped.

item component | Changed data component `potion_contents`. Added optional field `custom_name`, which will cause the item name to use translation key `item.minecraft.<item>.effect.<custom_name>`.

item component | Changed data component `equippable`. Added optional fields `swappable` (boolean) and `damage_on_hurt` (boolean), which both default to true.

item component | Added data component `death_protection`. If present will protect the holder from dying by restoring a single health point. It has a single field `death_effects`, which has the same format as `on_consume_effects` from the `consumable` component.

predicate loot advancement | Added entity sub predicate `salmon`. It has field `variant` which is one of `small`, `medium`, and `large`.

advancement | Renamed the advancement trigger `killed_by_crossbow` to `killed_by_arrow`. Now has a field `fired_from_weapon`, which is an item predicate matching the item used to shoot the arrow.

assets | The texture of the highlighted slot in a GUI can now be customized using textures `container/slot_highlight_front` and `container/slot_highlight_back`. Likewise, the textures for highlighted slots in a bundler use the textures `container/bundle/slot_highlight_front` and `container/bundle/slot_highlight_back`.
