pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 50.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 36.

item component | Added data component `consumable` which makes an item consumable. It accepts an object with fields `consume_seconds`, `animation`, `sound`, `has_consume_particles`, and `on_consume_effects`.

item component | Added data component `use_remainder`, which can have a single item stack as value. If present, will replace the item if its stack count has decreased after use.

item component | Added data component `use_cooldown`. If present, will apply a cooldown to all items of the same type when it has been used. It is an object with fields `seconds` (positive float) and `cooldownGroup` (resource location). Weird casing is a typo and is corrected in the next snapshot.

item component breaking | Changed the `food` data component to only hold the food stats, it no longer makes the item consumable. Removed fields `eat_seconds`, `using_converts_to`, and `effects`.

shader breaking | Removed shader `rendertype_entity_glint_direct` and replaced it with `rendertype_entity_glint`.

shader breaking | Removed shader `rendertype_entity_translucent_cull` and replaced it with `rendertype_item_entity_translucent_cull`.

shader breaking | Changed shader program definitions for post-processing effects, defined in `shaders/program`, to be consistent with core shaders:
* Removed unused field `blend`
* Removed field `attributes`, instead the `Position` attribute will always be bound
* Renamed `Time` uniform to `GameTime`
* The `vertex` and `fragment` references are now resource locations

shader | Shader source files are no longer required to be in the `shaders/core` subdirectory, this only exists for organization.

shader | Added `defines` field to shader programs, which is an object with fields `values` and `flags`. It allows GLSL `#define` directives to be injected into the shader source.

shader | The `#moj_import` shader directive now supports namespaced includes with absolute paths. Relative imports behave as before.

shader breaking | Moved post-processing effect configurations from `shaders/post` to `post_effect`.
* Vertex and fragment shaders used by these effects have been moved from `shaders/program` to `shaders/post`.
* The `name` field has been renamed to `program`, and is now a resource location to the `shaders` folder.
