tag data | Universal tags: any type present in registries can now have tags. They can be defined in a data pack in the directory `<namespace>/tags/<registry>`. Existing tags (`blocks`, `items`, `fluids`, `entity_types`, `game_events` and `functions`) keep their name for now.

worldgen tag | Some fields that previously accepted a list of IDs, or a single ID now accept tags, either in the format `["id1", "id2"]`, `"id"` (as shurtcut for `["id"]`), or `#tag`. Changed fields:
* Configured feature `glow_lichen`: `can_be_placed_on` is a block tag
* Configured feature `spring_feature`: `valid_blocks` is a block tag
* Configured feature `simple_random_selector`: `features` is a placed feature tag
* Block predicate `matching_block`: `blocks` is a block tag
* Block predicate `matching_fluids`: `fluids` is a fluid tag
* Biome: inner list of `features` is a placed feature tag and `carvers` values are carver tags
* Biome source `checkerboard`: `biomes` is a biome tag

worldgen tag | Some fields now require the ID to be prepended with `#`, and don't yet accept a list of tags. Changed fields:
* Dimension type: `infiniburn`
* Configured feature `geode`: `blocks.cannot_replace` and `blocks.invalid_blocks`
* Configured feature `vegetation_patch` and `waterlogged_vegetation_patch`: `replaceable`
* Configured feature `root_system`: `root_replaceable`
* Structure processor `protected_blocks`: `value`

structure worldgen | Modified the format of the `structures` tag in noise settings. It is now a single map with structure types as keys and structure placement configuration as values. There are currently two possible placement types:
* `random_spread`: Has the old fields from the inner `structures` map. Additionally, has an optional `spread_type` field which can be one of `linear` or `triangular`, and an optional `locate_offset` field, which is a list of 3 numbers.
* `concentric_rings`: Has 3 required int fields, the same as the old `stronghold` configurarion: `distance`, `spread`, and `count`.

assets | Added a new resource file `assets/minecraft/regional_compliancies.json` configuring the hourly popup messages displayed in South Korea.
