pack obsolete breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `99.0`.

pack obsolete breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `80.0`.

storage dimension breaking | All default dimensions are now stored in the `dimensions` subfolder. The top level `data` folder is now only for data shared across dimensions.

storage breaking | Player storage has been moved to the `players` subdirectory.

storage breaking | The world resource pack (`resources.zip`) has been moved to the `resourcepacks` subdirectory.

storage breaking | Data saved in the `data` folder is now namespaced. All data is now stored in a namespace subfolder in the corresponding data folder.

storage breaking | Command storage is now stored in namespace subfolders instead of having a namespace suffix.

storage breaking | `chunks.dat` has been renamed to `chunk_tickets.dat`.

storage breaking | Data for maps is now stored in the `data/minecraft/maps` subfolder. Map index files have been renamed to only the number. `idcounts.dat` has been renamed to `last_id.dat`.

storage breaking | There is no more `raids_end.dat` special case. The end now uses `raids.dat` as well.

storage structure breaking | Structures saved by structure blocks have been moved from `generated/namespace/structures` to `generated/namespace/structure`.

storage tag breaking | Changed `level.dat` structure:
* The `Player` tag has been replaced with a `singleplayer_uuid` tag, which references the player data file to use.
* Difficulty-related settings have been moved into a `difficulty_settings` tag.
* `Difficulty` is renamed to `difficulty` and is now a string instead of an integer.
* `DifficultyLocked` is renamed to `locked`.

storage breaking | Data for the ender dragon fight has been moved out of `level.dat` to `dimensions/minecraft/the_end/data/minecraft/ender_dragon_fight.dat`. The ender dragon fight can now be activated in other dimensions.

storage breaking | Wandering trader data has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/wandering_trader.dat`.

storage breaking | `CustomBossEvents` has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/custom_boss_events.dat`.

storage breaking | Weather-related data has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/weather.dat`.

storage breaking | `ScheduledEvents` has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/scheduled_events.dat`.

storage breaking | `game_rules` has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/game_rules.dat`.

storage breaking | `WorldGenSettings` has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/world_gen_settings.dat`.

storage breaking | `world_clocks` has been moved out of `level.dat` to `data/minecraft/world_clocks.dat`.

worldgen | Changed rule-based block state providers so that their fallback is optional and can be empty.

worldgen breaking | `forest_rock` feature has been renamed to `block_blob`.

worldgen | Changed `block_blob` feature configuration to support parameters: `state` (the block the rock is made of) and `can_place_on`.

worldgen breaking | `ice_spike` feature has been renamed to `spike`.

worldgen | Changed `spike` feature configuration to support parameters: `state` (the block the spike is made of), `can_place_on`, and `can_replace`.

worldgen | Changed `huge_red_mushroom` and `huge_brown_mushroom` feature configurations. Added parameter `can_place_on`.

worldgen | Changed `alter_ground` tree decorator configuration. `provider` is now a rule-based block state provider.

worldgen breaking | Changed tree feature configuration. Replaced the `force_dirt` and `dirt_provider` parameters with a single `below_trunk_provider` rule-based block state provider.

dimension | Added `has_ender_dragon_fight` boolean field to dimension types. Controls whether it is possible for an ender dragon fight to exist in the dimension.

tag block breaking | Split apart `#dirt` into multiple block tags:
* `#dirt` (contains dirt, coarse dirt, and rooted dirt).
* `#mud` (contains mud and muddy mangrove roots).
* `#moss_blocks` (contains moss block and pale moss block).
* `#grass_blocks` (contains grass block, mycelium, and podzol).

tag block | Added `#substrate_overworld` block tag, which contains `#dirt`, `#mud`, `#moss_blocks`, and `#grass_blocks`. Used as a collection for world generation conditions.

tag block | Added block tags `#beneath_tree_podzol_replaceable` and `#beneath_bamboo_podzol_replaceable`, which define which ground blocks beneath an applicable tree or bamboo can be replaced with podzol.

tag block | Added `#cannot_replace_below_tree_trunk` block tag, which contains `#dirt`, `#mud`, `#moss_blocks`, and podzol.

tag block | Added block tags `#forest_rock_can_place_on`, `#huge_brown_mushroom_can_place_on`, and `#huge_red_mushroom_can_place_on`, defining which blocks their feature can be placed on.

tag block | Added `#ice_spike_replaceable` block tag, defining which blocks an ice spike feature can replace.

tag | Added item tags `#mud`, `#moss_blocks`, and `#grass_blocks`, which mirror their block tag contents.

sound | Added sound event `entity.baby_chicken.step`.

assets | Added new entity textures for baby animals.

shader breaking | The `core/rendertype_item_entity_translucent_cull` shaders have been removed in favor of `core/entity`.

shader breaking | The `core/rendertype_entity_alpha` and `core/rendertype_entity_decal` shaders have been replaced by a `DISSOLVE` flag implemented by `core/entity`.

shader breaking | Rendering of items (in UI and in the world) has been split from `core/entity` into new `core/item` shaders.