pack obsolete breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `100.0`.

pack obsolete breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `83.0`.

variant sound | Pig variant sound sets now support eating sound customization via the new `eat_sound` field.

game-test | Added `timeline_attributes` definitions to game test environments. The `timelines` field accepts a list of timelines to set.

blockstate | The `rotation` property in the default block state of banners and signs has been changed from `0` to `8`.

loot | Removed name tag from the ancient city and woodland mansion loot tables.

worldgen | Added `rule_based_state_provider` as a new block state provider type. It was previously a separately parsed type unique to the disk feature but is now a sub-type usable in any feature configuration.

tag | Added block tag `#prevents_nearby_leaf_decay`, which defines block types that prevent leaf blocks from decaying within a taxicab distance of 6 blocks.

assets | Item model format now supports `transformation` for individual sub-models.

sound | Added new eating sound events for all pig variants.

assets breaking | The transformation for some special item model types has been moved from the special model into the item model itself.

assets | Added `bell` special item model type, which renders the animated part of a bell block.

assets | Added `book` special item model type, which renders a book as found on enchanting tables and lecterns.

assets breaking | The `bed` special item model type now renders only one half of the bed. Use a `composite` model to render both halves.

assets | Added `attachment` field to the `banner` special item model type, which selects the model to use.

assets | Added `chest_type` field to the `chest` special item model type, which selects the model to use.

assets | Added `attachment` field to the `hanging_sign` special item model type, which selects the model to use.

assets | Added `attachment` field to the `standing_sign` special item model type, which selects the model to use.

assets breaking | Removed the `orientation` field from the `shulker_box` special item model type.

assets | Improved block state rendering for blocks shown in contexts such as enderman-held blocks and block display entities.
