pack obsolete breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `101.0`.

pack breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `84.0`.

text | Changed the `selector`, `nbt`, and `object` text component formats.

command | Added `time rate` command syntax: `time [of <clock>] rate <rate>`. Sets the rate multiplier at which the given clock advances.

component | Changed `provides_banner_patterns` data component: the component now also accepts an ID or a list of IDs in addition to a tag.

component | Changed `blocks_attacks` data component: the `bypassed_by` field now also accepts an ID or a list of IDs in addition to a tag.

component | Changed `damage_resistant` data component: the `types` field now also accepts an ID or a list of IDs in addition to a tag.

loot instrument | Changed `set_instrument` loot function: the `options` field now also accepts an ID or a list of IDs in addition to a tag.

predicate environment-attribute | Added `environment_attribute_check` loot predicate. Exactly matches the value of an Environment Attribute at a given position.

environment-attribute | Added `environment_attribute` number provider. Fetches and provides the value of an Environment Attribute that can be represented as a number.

worldgen breaking tag | Features spawned from bone meal are no longer restricted to the flower feature type.

worldgen breaking | Removed the `flower`, `flower_no_bonemeal`, and `random_patch` feature types.

worldgen | Added `trapezoid` int provider. Selects a random value with a trapezoid distribution.

tag worldgen | Added configured feature tag `#can_spawn_from_bone_meal`. Features added in a biome with this tag can be spawned when using bone meal in that biome.

text | Changed `object` text component: added optional `fallback` field containing a text component to display when the object component cannot be rendered.

text breaking | Changed `object` text component: objects of type `player` (player heads) can no longer be used in server status messages (MotD).

assets | Updated textures for Pup to fix issues with overlapping textures.

assets | Added `end_cube` special item model type, which renders a cube with the same texture effects as the end portal and end gateway blocks.

assets | Improved block state rendering for end gateway and end portal blocks shown in block display entities.

shader breaking | Removed the `core/rendertype_translucent_moving_block` shaders in favor of `core/block`.