pack breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `95.0`.

pack breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `76.0`.

jar | The game now requires Java 25. The included Java distribution is now the Microsoft build of OpenJDK 25.

meta | If a server's disk space is low, a toast will now be shown to server operators.

data | Villager trades can now be data-driven, with entries in the `villager_trade` folder.

data | Trade sets can now be data-driven, with entries in the `trade_set` folder.

nbt entity | Piglin inventory slots can now be accessed using `piglin.*` similar to how villager inventories can be accessed using `villager.*`.

command | Added `swing` command that enables swinging of entity arms. Syntax: `/swing <entity selector> <mainhand|offhand>`.

environment-attribute | Added `visual/block_light_tint` attribute to control the tint of block light. Default value: `#FFD88C`.

environment-attribute | Added `visual/ambient_light_color` attribute to define both the ambient light tint and brightness. Default values: Overworld `#0A0A0A`, Nether `#302821`, End `#3f473f`.

environment-attribute | Added `visual/night_vision_color` attribute to control night vision color. Default value: `#999999`.

component | Added `additional_trade_cost` transient component to modify count needed in a villager trade.

loot | Added `villager_trade` loot table type which takes parameters `this` (the entity offering the trade) and `origin` (the block position of the entity at its feet).

loot | Added `set_random_dyes` item modifier that additively adds dyes to an item's `dyed_color` data component if the item is in the `#dyeable` tag. Field: `number_of_dyes`.

loot | Added `set_random_potion` item modifier that randomly sets the `potion_contents` data component on an item. Field: `options`.

loot | Changed `enchant_with_levels` item modifier. Now also takes field `include_additional_cost_component` (boolean, defaults to `false`).

loot | Changed `enchant_randomly` item modifier. Now also takes field `include_additional_cost_component` (boolean, defaults to `false`).

predicate | Added `food` sub-predicate to player entity predicates. Fields: `level` and `saturation`.

predicate | Added `sum` number provider that returns the sum of a list of number providers. Field: `summands`.

enchantment | The `post_piercing_attack` component no longer only works for a player if that player has a certain food level.

tag | Added several villager trade tags representing groups of villager trades from which villagers and wandering traders derive their trading pools.

tag enchantment breaking | Removed the following enchantment tags: `trades/desert_special`, `trades/jungle_special`, `trades/plains_special`, `trades/savanna_special`, `trades/snow_special`, `trades/swamp_special`, and `trades/taiga_special`.

tag | Added `#tradeable` potion tag for all potion effects that can appear in villager trades.

shader breaking | The `lightmap.fsh` shader was significantly modified. The `LightmapInfo` uniform now has two new fields: `BlockLightTint` and `NightVisionColor`. The `AmbientLightFactor` field was removed. The `DarkenWorldFactor` was renamed to `BossOverlayWorldDarkeningFactor`.

shader | Text and items rendered in UI now use a separate 1x1 white lightmap texture, so the lightmap shader does not always have to keep the 15, 15 pixel purely white.