pack obsolete breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `99.1`.

pack obsolete breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `81.0`.

jar | The internals of how chunk geometry data is stored in GPU memory and how they are rendered has been changed.

data variant | Cat sound variants can now be data-driven, with entries in the `cat_sound_variant` folder.

data variant | Pig sound variants can now be data-driven, with entries in the `pig_sound_variant` folder.

data variant | Cow sound variants can now be data-driven, with entries in the `cow_sound_variant` folder.

data variant | Chicken sound variants can now be data-driven, with entries in the `chicken_sound_variant` folder.

assets | Updated `mule_baby.png` and `donkey_baby.png` to fit model properly.

assets breaking | Changed block model format. Any block model can now support cutout or translucent (partially transparent pixels) textures.

assets breaking | Changed the format of the `textures` map in block models. Non-string entries will now be rejected, instead of interpreted as strings.

assets | Added new baby entity textures.

sound | Added new sound variants for adult cats, adult chickens, adult cows, and adult pigs.

sound | Added new sound events for cats.

sound | Added new sound events for pigs.

sound | Added new sound events for chickens.

sound | Added new sound events for cows.

sound instrument | Added new sound events for the trumpet instrument.

shader breaking | The `block.vsh` and `terrain.vsh` shaders no longer receive the `Normal` vertex attribute.