pack obsolete breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `97.0`.

pack obsolete breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `78.0`.

data | Added `world_clock` registry for defining World Clocks in data packs under `data/<namespace>/world_clock/<id>.json`. World Clocks contain an internal time that increases every tick and can be paused or resumed.

data | Added `clock` field to timelines. This field is required and specifies which World Clock ID the timeline is tied to. To match previous behavior, the `overworld` clock can be used.

data | Added optional `time_markers` field to timelines. This field is an optional map between namespaced Time Marker IDs and either an int or a Time Marker object with fields `ticks` and optional `show_in_commands`.

data | Time Markers assign a particular name to a specific (optionally repeating) point in time for a specific World Clock. Time Markers replace the previously predetermined names that could be used by `/time set`, such as `day` or `night`.

data | Added `wake_up_from_sleep` Time Marker, which is the time to advance the dimension's default clock to when players in that dimension wake up after sleeping.

data | Added `roll_village_siege` Time Marker, which is the time of the dimension's default clock at which the random chance for a Zombie Village siege to occur should be evaluated.

command | Changed `/swing` command. Both arguments can now be omitted and will fall back to defaults: the entity selector will be `@s` if omitted, and which hand to swing will be `mainhand` if omitted.

command breaking | Changed `/time` command to be based on World Clocks. A clock can be optionally specified as an input with `time of <clock> ...`.

command breaking | Changed return value from `/time set` and `/time add` subcommands. The return value is now the total elapsed ticks of the clock instead of the current time of day.

command | Changed `/time` command syntax.

game-test breaking | Replaced `time_of_day` field in Game Test Environments with `clock_time`. Added new required field `clock`, which specifies the clock within which to set time.

predicate | Added `clock` field to `time_check` loot predicate. This field specifies which World Clock ID the time check should be done for.

recipe | The `result` field is now more consistent across all recipe types that contain it. It will now accept short form (e.g. `"minecraft:foo"`, which is equivalent to `{"id":"minecraft:foo", "count": 1}`).

dimension | Added `default_clock` field to dimension types. This optional field specifies the default clock that will be used for the `/time` command.

tag block | Added `#supports_vegetation` block tag, which provides support for different grass, flowers, bushes and saplings.

tag block | Added `#supports_crops` block tag, which provides support for crops at all growth stages.

tag block | Added the following block tags:
* `#supports_stem_crops`
* `#supports_pumpkin_stem`
* `#supports_melon_stem`
* `#supports_sugar_cane`
* `#supports_sugar_cane_adjacently`
* `#supports_cactus`
* `#supports_chorus_plant`
* `#supports_chorus_flower`
* `#supports_nether_sprouts`
* `#supports_azalea`
* `#supports_warped_fungus`
* `#supports_crimson_fungus`
* `#supports_mangrove_propagule`
* `#supports_hanging_mangrove_propagule`
* `#supports_nether_wart`
* `#supports_warped_roots`
* `#supports_crimson_roots`
* `#supports_wither_rose`
* `#supports_cocoa`
* `#supports_lily_pad`
* `#supports_frogspawn`
* `#support_override_cactus_flower`

tag block | Added the following block tags which determine blocks that cannot support specific categories of vegetation:
* `#cannot_support_seagrass`
* `#cannot_support_kelp`

tag block breaking | Renamed the following block tags for consistency:
* `#dry_vegetation_may_place_on` → `#supports_dry_vegetation`
* `#bamboo_plantable_on` → `#supports_bamboo`
* `#small_dripleaf_placeable` → `#supports_small_dripleaf`
* `#big_dripleaf_placeable` → `#supports_big_dripleaf`
* `#mushroom_grow_block` → `#overrides_mushroom_light_requirement`
* `#snow_layer_can_survive_on` → `#support_override_snow_layer`
* `#snow_layer_cannot_survive_on` → `#cannot_support_snow_layer`

tag block | Added `#grows_crops` block tag, which defines blocks beneath that allow crops to grow.

tag block | Added the following block tags to define which blocks can start particular types of bubble columns:
* `#enables_bubble_column_drag_down` - magma block by default
* `#enables_bubble_column_push_up` - soul sand by default

tag fluid | Added the following fluid tags to determine which fluids can support blocks:
* `#supports_lily_pad`
* `#supports_frogspawn`

tag fluid | Added `#supports_sugar_cane_adjacently` fluid tag, which defines fluids that satisfy adjacency support requirements for sugar cane.

tag fluid | Added `#bubble_columns_can_occupy` fluid tag to define which fluids a bubble column can occupy. Water is the default.

assets | The tripwire texture is now rendered as alpha cutout instead of transparent.