pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 11.

command | Added the `/ride` command, with syntax:
* `ride <target> mount <vehicle>`
* `ride <target> dismount`

command | The `/clone` command now supports cloning to and from different dimensions. New syntax: `clone [from <sourceDimension>] <begin> <end> [to <targetDimension>] <destination> ...`.

command | Added the `/execute on` subcommand for selecting entities based on relation to the current executing entity. It has the syntax `execute on <relation>` where relation is one of: `vehicle`, `passengers` (all direct passengers), `controller` (the passenger that is in control), `owner`, `leasher`, `target` (attack target of mobs), `attacker` (last entity that damaged the current entity in the previous 5 seconds).

command | Added the `/execute if|unless dimension <dimension>` subcommand to check if the execution is in a matching dimension.

command | Added the `/execute if|unless loaded <pos>` subcommand to check if the position given is fully loaded (in regard to both blocks and entities).

command breaking | Changed the `/weather` command. The time parameter now accepts a `t`, `s`, or `d` suffix. To retain existing functionality, you need to add an `s` suffix to pre-existing commands.

command | Changed the `/title <selector> times` command. All time parameters now accept a `t`, `s`, or `d` suffix.

command | Added a new data source to the `/data` command: `string <entity|block|storage> [path] [start] [end]`. It reads a slice of a value as text, `start` is inclusive and `end` is exclusive.

gamerule | Added `commandModificationBlockLimit` game rule, which defaults to `32768`. It controls the maximum number of blocks changed in one execution of clone, fill and fillbiome

text breaking | Added `fallback` field to `translate` text components. Out-of-bound arguments in translate formats are no longer silently ignored.

worldgen | Removed biome field `precipitation` and added `has_precipitation` (boolean) as replacement.

tag worldgen | Renamed biome tag `only_allows_snow_and_gold_rabbits` -> `spawns_gold_rabbits` to match its behavior.

tag worldgen | Added biome tags `spawns_white_rabbits`, `spawns_snow_foxes`, `increased_fire_burnout`, and `snow_golem_melts`.
