assets | The credits file is now a `.json` file instead of `.txt`.

command debug | Added `/perf` command. It has two subcommands `/perf start` and `/perf stop`. Records profiling information and saves it in a zip file in `.minecraft/debug/profiling`. 

command debug breaking | Removed command `/debug report`, instead use the new `/perf` command.

advancement | Added advancement trigger `started_riding`, which is triggered when a player starts riding a vehicle or entity starts riding vehicle currently ridden by player.

advancement | Added advancement trigger `lightning_strike`, which is triggered when lightning finishes (the entity has disappeared). It has conditions `lightning` which is an entity predicate and `bystander` which is one of the entities around the strike, not hurt by it.

advancement | Added advancement trigger `using_item`, which is triggered every tick when the player is using an item continuously (usually by holding down the mouse button). It has a condition `item` which is an item predicate.

advancement | Changed advancement trigger `effects_changed`. Added condition `source` which is an entity predicate that matches the entity that triggered the change. Can be empty.

loot advancement predicate breaking | Changed item predicates. Now has an `items` field instead of `item`, which is a list of item IDs.

loot advancement predicate breaking | Changed block predicates. Now has a `blocks` field instead of `block`, which is a list of block IDs.

loot advancement predicate | Changed entity predicates. Added fields `passenger`, `stepping_on` which is a location predicate, and `lightning_bolt` which is only valid for lightning bolts. This `lightning_bolt` object has two sub-fields `blocks_set_on_fire` and `entity_struck`.

loot advancement predicate | Changed player predicate. Added field `looking_at` which is an entity predicate. The entity needs to have a line-of-sight to the player in order to match.

tag data | Added block tags `geode_invalid_blocks` and `lava_pool_stone_replaceables`.

worldgen | Changed feature `tree`. Added field `sapling_provider`, a block state provider which is used to determine if the tree location is valid.

worldgen | Changed feature `geode`. Added field `invalid_blocks` which is a block tag.

worldgen | Changed structure feature `nether_fossil`. Added field `height` which is a height provider.

worldgen | Changed the `weight` field in `template_pool`. It is now limited between 1 and 150 (inclusive).
