pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 7.

command breaking | Removed the `/replaceitem` command.

command | Added the `/item` command to replace the `/replaceitem` command. It has three forms:
* `/item <target> replace <item stack> [<count>]` same as the old `replaceitem` command.
* `/item <target> modify <modifier>` modifies the item without copying.
* `/item <target> copy <source> [<modifier>]` copies an item from the source to the target and optionally modifies the item.
...
There are currently two possible source and targets:
* `entity <selector> <slot>`
* `block <x> <y> <z> <slot>`

loot item-modifier | Added item modifiers, stored in the `item_modifiers` directory. They are the function part of loot tables, and can also be an array of functions where each function will be applied.

loot predicate | Added predicate `value_check` to check if a value provider `value` is inside a min/max range `range`.

loot item-modifier | Added function `set_enchantments`. It has two fields:
* `enchantments` map of enchantment ID to level value, which can be a value provider. To remove an enchantment, set the level to `0`.
* `add` optional boolean. If true, change will be relative to current enchantment level.

loot item-modifier | Changed `set_count` function, it now has an optional `add` field. If `true`, the change with be relative to the current item count.

loot item-modifier | Changed `set_damage` function, it now has an optional `add` field. If `true`, the change with be relative to the current damage.

loot item-modifier | Changed `set_nbt` function, the `source` parameter can now reference storage using `{"type": "storage", "storage": <namespaced id>}`.

loot | Added value providers. They can be used in the same places as random number generators (for example `rolls` and `set_count`). The existing types `constant`, `uniform`, and `binomial` can still be used.

loot | Added value provider `score` with the following fields:
* `score` scoreboard objective.
* `target` score holder provider.
* `scale` optional number to scale the score.

loot | Added score holder providers, used in the `score` value provider. Current has two types:
* `context` which takes a field `target`, one of `this`, `killer`, `direct_killer`, or `killer_player`.
* `fixed` which takes a field `name`, either a fake player or UUID.

particle | Added particle `snowflake`.

tag data | Added block tag `snow_step_sound_blocks`.

tag data | Added entity type tag `powder_snow_walkable_mobs`.
