tag recipe advancement | Recipes and advancements referencing ore blocks now use block tags, to support the deepslate ore variants.

tag data | Added block tags `stone_ore_replaceable` and `deepslate_ore_replaceable`.

tag data | Added item tags `diamond_ores`, `iron_ores`, `lapis_ores`, and `redstone_ores`.

worldgen | Renamed grimstone to deepslate. Renamed noise settings field `grimstone_enabled` -> `deepslate_enabled`.

worldgen | Added float providers. There are currently 4 types:
* `constant` returns the number from `value`. This is also the type when specifying the number
* `uniform` return a number starting with `value.base` and adds a random number between 0 and `value.spread 1`.
* `clamped_normal` starts with a normal random number using `value.mean` and `value.deviation`, then clamps it between `value.min` and `value.max`.
* `trapezoid` returns a random number between `value.min` and `value.max`, with a bias towards the center defined by `value.plateau`.

worldgen | Changed features `dripstone_cluster` and `large_dripstone` to use float providers instead of uniform floats.

worldgen | Added optional carver field `debug_settings`. When enabled with `debug_mode`, can place blocks from `air_state`.

worldgen | Added configuration for the `canyon` carver. Added fields `bottom_inclusive`, `top_inclusive`, `y_scale`, `distanceFactor`, `vertical_rotation`, `thickness`, `width_smoothness`, `horizontal_radius_factor`, `vertical_radius_default_factor`, and `vertical_radius_center_factor`.

worldgen | Changed feature `ore`. Added field `discard_chance_on_air_exposure` which is a number between 0 and 1. Replaced `target` and `state` with an array `targets`. Each element is an object with fields `target` which is a rule test and `state` which is a block_state.

worldgen | Removed feature `no_surface_ore`, since it can now be replaced with an `ore` feature with `discard_chance_on_air_exposure`.

worldgen | Added feature `scattered_ore`. It has the same configuration as the `ore` feature.

worldgen | Changed feature `geode`. Added field `invalid_blocks_threshold`. With a low threshold, the geode will not generate if there are air blocks in the center.
