resources shader | Rendering now uses the OpenGL 3.2 core profile. All fixed function rendering has been replaced with shader based rendering. All shaders except `blit` can be replaced in resource packs. Added folders in resource packs `shaders/core` and `shaders/include`.

resources | Spyglass item model is now split between the inventory model and the handheld model.

command breaking | The number of items that the `/give` command can give has been limited to 100 stacks.

nbt entity | Slime NBT tag `Size` is now limited to 126.

tag data | Removed block tag `azalea_log_replaceable` and added block tag `lush_ground_replaceable`.

tag data | Added block and item tags `coal_ores`, `emerald_ores`, and `copper_ores`.

worldgen | Added decorator `cave_surface` which finds a surface. It has a field `surface` which must be one of `floor` or `ceiling`, and an int field `floor_to_ceiling_search_range`.

worldgen | Changed decorators `heightmap`. Now has a config field `heightmap` to specify which heightmap to use.

worldgen | Removed decorators `top_solid_heightmap` and `heightmap_world_surface`, since they can be replaced with a configured `heightmap` decorator now.

worldgen | Added decorator `heightmap_with_water_threshold`. It has a single field `max_water_depth`.

worldgen | Made feature `fossil` configurable. Added fields `max_empty_corners_allowed`, `fossil_structures`, `overlay_structures`, `fossil_processors`, and `overlay_processors`.

worldgen | Changed feature `tree`. Removed fields `max_water_depth` and `heightmap`, those can be replaced with the corresponding decorators. Added fields `dirt_provider` and `force_dirt`. Removed field `leaves_provider` -> `foliage_provider`.

worldgen | Added trunk placer `bending_trunk_placer`. In addition to the default fields, it also has `bend_length` and `min_height_for_leaves`.

worldgen | Added foliage provider `random_spread_foliage_provider`. In addition to the default fields, it also has `foliage_height` and `leaf_placement_attempts`.

worldgen | Added block state provider `randomized_int_state_provider`. It wraps another state provider in `source` and sets the block state `property` to the value produced by the uniform int in `values`.

worldgen | Added feature `growing_plant`, which places a column of blocks in the direction specified by the field `direction`. It has fields `body_provider`, `head_provider`, `allow_water`, and `height_distribution`.

worldgen | Added features `vegetation_patch` and `waterlogged_vegetation_patch`.

worldgen | Added feature `root_system`.

worldgen | Changed feature `simple_block`. The `to_place` field is now a block state provider rather than a block state.
