meta | It is announced the Caves & Cliffs update will be split, and with that a bunch of changes have been reverted, such as the new height limit and noise cave. The tech is still available in the game, just disabled.

options | Added server property `resource-pack-prompt`. Expects a text component shown as custom message when `require-resource-pack` is used.

command | Added the `/debug function` subcommand. Executes a function while logging every command, message, result, or error to a file. Can only be run from chat.

nbt entity | Added `marker` entity, which only exists on the server and are not ticked. They can have arbitrary data in its `data` NBT tag.

text | Selector and nbt text components can now specify the separator by using the `separator` field. It is `", "` by default.

worldgen | Re-added carvers `underwater_canyon` and `underwater_cave`.

worldgen | Changed feature `geode` to make better use of int providers where separate `min_` and `max_` fields were used.

worldgen | Added int provider `clamped` which takes another int provider given by `value.source`, and clamps it between `value.min_inclusive` and `value.max_inclusive`.

worldgen | Added int provider `biased_to_bottom` which takes two int fields `value.min_inclusive` and `value.max_inclusive`.

worldgen | Changed decorator `count`. Negative counts are no longer allowed.

worldgen | Added height provider `trapezoid` which takes fields `value.min_inclusive`, `value.max_inclusive`, and `plateau`.

worldgen | Added height provider `very_biased_to_bottom`, which is configured the same as `biased_to_bottom` using fields `value.min_inclusive`, `value.max_inclusive`, and `value.inner`.

worldgen | Changed decorator `range` to use a height provider in field `height`.

worldgen | Removed decorators `depth_average`, `range_biased_to_bottom`, and `range_very_biased_to_bottom`, since they can now use a normal `range` decorator with the new height providers. Removed decorator `glowstone` since it can be replaced with a `count` decorator.
