pack breaking | Data pack format has been increased to `101.2`.

pack breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to `85`.

shader | Profiling the game with Tracy (launching with `--tracy`) now includes GPU timings.

shader | Rendering now uses a reversed depth buffer, which helps with Z-fighting on most hardware.

entity | Added `sulfur_cube_archetype` registry, defining archetypes that Sulfur Cubes can take.

command | When granting or revoking several advancements, the command output will now report how many advancements changed state across all players.

command | When granting or revoking advancements or a criterion on several players, the command output will now report the number of players that any change applied to.

attribute | Added `bounciness` attribute, which determines what portion of velocity is restituted after the entity collides with blocks and collidable entities.

attribute | Added `friction_modifier` attribute, which determines how much ground friction is applied to the entity with regards to the block it is on.

attribute | Added `air_drag_modifier` attribute, which determines how much drag is applied to an entity while in the air.

attribute breaking | The minimum value of `knockback_resistance` was changed from `0.0` to `-2.0`.

component | Added `sulfur_cube_content` data component, which represents the item that is absorbed by the Sulfur Cube.

worldgen breaking | Renamed feature type `pointed_dripstone` to `speleothem`.

worldgen breaking | Renamed feature type `dripstone_cluster` to `speleothem_cluster`.

worldgen | Added field `replaceable_blocks` to the `large_dripstone` feature type, describing which blocks this feature can generate on.

worldgen | Added `noise_gradient` surface rule, which replaces blocks based on the specified noise and gradient list.

worldgen | Added `sequence` feature type, which generates a list of placed features in order. If any feature in the list is not placed, the following features will also be skipped.

worldgen | Added `template` feature type, which places one template randomly chosen from the given weighted list of identifiers.

dimension | The `infiniburn` field of dimension types now also accepts an id and a list of ids in addition to a tag.

worldgen | The fields `cannot_replace` and `invalid_blocks` in the `blocks` section of the `geode` feature configuration now also accept an id and a list of ids in addition to a tag.

worldgen | The field `root_replaceable` in the `root_system` feature configuration now also accepts an id or a list of ids in addition to a tag.

worldgen | The field `replaceable` in the `vegetation_patch` and `waterlogged_vegetation_patch` feature configurations now also accepts an id or a list of ids in addition to a tag.

worldgen structure | The field `value` in the `protected_blocks` structure processor now also accepts an id or a list of ids in addition to a tag.

tag block | Added `#suppresses_bounce`, containing all blocks that suppress the bounciness of entities when colliding with them.

tag block | Added `#glazed_terracotta` and `#concrete` block collection tags.

tag block breaking | Renamed `#concrete_powder` block collection tag to `#concrete_powders`.

tag block | Added `#shears_extreme_breaking_speed` for blocks that can be broken with shears with speed 15.

tag block | Added `#shears_major_breaking_speed` for blocks that can be broken with shears with speed 5.

tag block | Added `#shears_minor_breaking_speed` for blocks that can be broken with shears with speed 2.

tag | Added `#glazed_terracotta`, `#concrete`, and `#concrete_powders` item collection tags.

tag | Added `#sulfur_cube_food`, containing all items that can be fed to a small Sulfur Cube.

tag | Added `#sulfur_cube_swallowable`, containing all items that can be placed inside a large Sulfur Cube.

tag | Added item tags for items that can be placed inside a Sulfur Cube to determine its archetype.

tag entity | Added `sulfur_cube` to `#non_controlling_rider`.

tag entity damage-type | Added `#sulfur_cube_with_block_immune_to` for all damage types that Sulfur Cubes are immune to when having a block absorbed.

tag entity | Updated `#not_scary_for_pufferfish` to include the Sulfur Cube.

game-event | Added `bounce` game event, emitted when an entity collides with a block or a collidable entity with non-zero bounciness.

particle | Added `sulfur_cube_goo` particle, shown on a Sulfur Cube mob when hopping around.

assets | Added new block textures for the cinnabar and sulfur blocks.

assets | Added new item sprite `item/sulfur_cube_bucket.png`.

assets | Added new entity textures `entity/sulfur_cube/sulfur_cube_outer.png` and `entity/sulfur_cube/sulfur_cube_inner.png`.

sound | Added sounds for the Sulfur block.

sound | Added sounds for the Potent Sulfur block.

sound | Added sounds for the Cinnabar block.

sound | Added sounds for the Sulfur Cube.

sound | Added sounds for the small Sulfur Cube.
