advancement | Removed `item_delivered_to_player` advancement trigger and added `thrown_item_picked_up_by_player` to replace it. It has conditions `player`, `entity`, and `item`.

advancement | Added advancement trigger `avoid_vibration`. It has no extra conditions.

tag data | Renamed block tag `occludes_vibration_signals` -> `dampens_vibrations`. It includes wool and wool carpets by default.

particle | Added particle type `sonic_boom`.

nbt entity memory | Added memory module types `sonic_boom_cooldown`, `sonic_boom_sound_cooldown`, and `sonic_boom_sound_delay`.

worldgen | Added field `replaceable` to carver configuration, which is a block/tag.

worldgen | Removed features `ice_patch` and `surface_disk`. They can now be replaced with a `disk` feature.

worldgen | Changed `disk` feature configuration:
* Replaced `state` field with `state_provider`, which is a rule based block state provider. It has two fields: `fallback` (block state provider) and `rules`, which is a list of objects. A rule has two fields: `if_true` (block predicate) and `then` (block state provider).
* Replaced `targets` field with `target`, which is now a block predicate.
* Removed field `can_origin_replace`.

worldgen | Changed root placer configuration:
* Renamed field `y_offset` -> `trunk_offset_y`.
* Moved fields `max_root_width`, `max_root_length`, `random_skew_chance`, `can_grow_through`, `muddy_roots_in`, and `muddy_roots_provider` to inside an object `mangrove_root_placement`.
* Added field `above_root_placement` to all root placers, which is an object with fields `above_root_placement_chance` (float between 0 and 1) and `above_root_provider` (block state provider).
