pack breaking | Data pack format has been increased to 10.

pack breaking | Resource pack format has been increased to 9.

text font | Added `space` glyph provider. It has a single field `advances` which is a map of codepoints to glyph advance (width). This enables custom space widths, including negative spaces.

text font breaking | Font providers now manually need to declare the space glyph.

pack | Added optional field `filter` to `pack.mcmeta`. When present, must have a `block` field which is a list of patterns. Each pattern has two optional fields: `namespace` and `path`, which are regular expressions. It hides resources in packs loaded before the current pack that match the pattern.

loot predicate breaking | Renamed location predicate field `feature` -> `structure`.

particle | Added particle types `sculk_charge`, `sculk_charge_pop` and `sculk_soul`.

options | Added server property `max-chained-neighbor-updates` which controls the amount of consecutive neighbor updates before skipping additional ones. Negative values remove the limit.

entity nbt breaking | Potion and effect field `Id`, previously a byte is now an int. When checking the `b` suffix needs to be removed.

entity nbt | The added `frog` entity has all the breedable and mob tags, and additionally a `Variant` tag, which is an int 0 (temperate), 1 (warm), or 2 (cold).

entity nbt | The added `tadpole` entity has all mob tags, as well as two tags: `FromBucket` which is a boolean, and `Age` which is an integer. When it reaches 24000 the tadpole grows into a frog.

entity nbt memory | Added memory module types `is_in_water` and `is_pregnant`.

entity nbt | Added boat type `mangrove`.

tag data | Added block tag `dragon_transparent`, which behaves very similarly to `dragon_immune`. It contains `#fire` and `light` by default.

worldgen | Dimension types can no longer be inlined in the dimension, they have to be a reference to a separate dimension_type file.

worldgen | Removed field `seed` in noise chunk generator and end biome source.

worldgen | Changed noise settings. Removed field `terrain_shaper`, the terrain shaper splines have been moved to density functions. Added field `spawn_target`, which is a list of climate target points.

worldgen | Removed density function `terrain_shaper_spline`, and changed density function `spline`: removed two fields `min_value` and `max_value`.

worldgen | Removed biome field `category`. Functionality has been moved to biome tags.

worldgen | Added feature type `sculk_patch`. It has 5 required integer fields: `charge_count`, `amount_per_charge`, `spread_attempts`, `growth_rounds`, and `spread_rounds` and 1 required float field: `catalyst_chance`.

worldgen structure | Changed structure set placement.
* Fields `salt` and `locate_offset` are no longer specific to the `random_spread` placement type.
* Added field `preferred_biomes` to the placement type `concentric_rings`, which is a biome tag.
* Added optional field `exclusion_zone`, which is an object with two fields: `other_set`: a structure set reference, and `chunk_count`: an integer between 1 and 16
* Added optional fields `frequency`: a number between 0 and 1, and `frequency_reduction_method`, which is one of `default`, `legacy_type_1`, `legacy_type_2`, or `legacy_type_3`.

worldgen structure | Moved `worldgen/configured_structure_feature` to `worldgen/structure` folder.

worldgen structure | Changed structure fields:
* Added field `step` which is one of `raw_generation`, `lakes`, `local_modifications`, `underground_structures`, `surface_structures`, `strongholds`, `underground_ores`, `underground_decoration`, `fluid_springs`, `vegetal_decoration`, or `top_layer_modification`.
* All fields that were in `config` are now in the root.
* Merged `village`, `bastion_remnant` and `pillager_outpost` types to `jigsaw`, and added the fields `start_height`: a height provider, `project_start_to_heightmap`: an optional heightmap type, and `use_expansion_hack`: a boolean.
* For the `ruined_portal` type: removed field `portal_type` and replaced it with a weighted list `setups`.
* For the `mineshaft` type: renamed field `type` -> `mineshaft_type`.
* Removed fields `probability`, this is instead being controlled by the structure set `frequency` settings.

worldgen | Added world presets, stored in the `worldgen/world_preset` directory. It has a single field `dimensions`, which is a map of dimension IDs to dimension settings, previously in the `dimension` folder.
