advancement loot predicate breaking | Removed `location` field from triggers `location`, `slept_in_bed`, `hero_of_the_village` and `voluntary_exile`. Instead the `player.location` field can be used.

advancement loot predicate breaking | Replaced entity predicate fields `player`, `fishing_hook`, `lightning_bolt`, and `catType` with `type_specific`. It has a field `type` (an entity type), and other fields depending on the type.
* `player`: a player predicate
* `fishing_hook`: has a field `in_open_water` (boolean)
* `lightning_bolt`: has fields `blocks_set_on_fire` (int bounds) and `entity_struck` (entity predicate)
* `cat`: has a field `varient`, which can be one of `all_black`, `black`, `british`, `calico`, `jellie`, `persian`, `ragdoll`, `red`, `siamese`, `tabby`, or `white`.
* `slime`: (matches slimes and magma creams) has a field `size` (int bounds)
* `frog`: has a field `variant`, which can be one of `cold`, `temperate`, or `warm`.

advancement | Added trigger `item_delivered_to_player` which only has the `player` condition.

advancement | Added trigger `allay_drop_item_on_block` which has conditions `player`, `location` and `item`.

worldgen | Added `disk` feature field: `can_origin_replace` (block/tag).

worldgen | Added field to `leave_vine` tree decorator: `probability` (float between 0 and 1). This was previously hardcoded to `0.25`.

worldgen | Added tree decorator `attached_to_leaves` with fields: `probability` (float between 0 and 1), `exclusion_radius_xz` (int between 0 and 16), `exclusion_radius_y` (int between 0 and 16), `block_provider` (block state provider), `required_empty_blocks` (int between 1 and 16), `directions` (non empty list of directions).

worldgen | Added optional `root_placer` field to `tree` feature. Currently only one root placer type: `mangrove_root_placer` with fields: `can_grow_through` (block/tag), `muddy_roots_in` (block/tag), `muddy_roots_provider` (block state provider), `max_root_width` (int between 1 and 12), `max_root_length` (int between 1 and 64), `y_offset` (int provider), `random_skew_chance` (float between 0 and 1).

worldgen | Added trunk placer `upwards_branching_trunk_placer`. It has fields `extra_branch_steps` (int > 0), `place_branch_per_log_probability` (float between 0 and 1), `extra_branch_length` (int >= 0), `can_grow_through` (block/tag).

worldgen | Renamed feature `glow_lichen` -> `multiface_growth` (no configuration changes).

worldgen | Added feature `surface_disk`, which has the same configuration as `disk`.

worldgen | Changed `rottable_blocks` field in `block_rot` processor. The block tag now needs to be prefixed with a `#`, and allows block IDs or a list of block IDs.

worldgen | Moved jigsaw structure configuration back out of the `value` field (reverts a change from last snapshot).
