pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 59.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 44.

jar breaking | The data generator `net.minecraft.data.Main` in the server jar no longer generates the `assets` folder with the `--client` option. Instead use the `net.minecraft.client.data.Main` data generator in the client jar.

item component | Tooltip warnings on item blocks with `block_entity_data` can no longer be hidden by other components.

item component breaking | Changed `equippable` component. Renamed field `model` -> `asset_id`.

item component breaking | Changed `custom_model_data` component. Instead of a single integer it now takes an object with optional fields: `floats` (list of floats), `flags` (list of booleans), `strings` (list of string), and `colors` (list of RGB colors).

loot item-modifier breaking | Changed `set_custom_model_data` item modifier. Instead of a single `value` field, it now has optional list operation fields: `floats`, `flags`, `strings`, and `colors`.

trims breaking | Removed field `item_model_index` in trim materials.

tag data | Added block tag `#bee_attractive` to describe all blocks that bees may pollinate.

tag data breaking | Removed block tag `#tall_flowers`. Removed item tags `#flowers` and `#tall_flowers`.

tag data | Added item tags `#skeleton_preferred_weapon`, `#piglin_preferred_weapon`, `#pillager_preferred_weapon`, and `#drowned_preferred_weapon`.

assets breaking | Moved the folder `models/equipment` -> `equipment`.

assets breaking | Renamed texture and model `broken_elytra` -> `elytra_broken`.

assets item breaking | Removed the `overrides` field in item models. Instead the different models can be configured in the new `items` folder.

assets item | Added new format to describe item models in the folder `items`. It has a single field `models` with a field `type`. The different model types are currently:
* `model`: has fields `model` (model reference), and `tints` (tint source)
* `special`: has fields `special` (typed special model), and `base` (model reference)
* `composite`: has fields `models`, same type as the root `models` field in this file
* `condition`: has fields `property` + more fields, `on_true`, and `on_false`
* `select`: has fields `property` + more fields, `cases`, and `fallback`
* `range_dispatch`: has fields `property` + more fields, `scale`, `entries`, and `fallback`
* `bundle/selected_item`: no fields
