pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 60.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 45.

entity nbt breaking | Removed entity type `creaking_transient`. Instead added field `home_pos` to `creaking` entity NBT, which is a list of 3 ints specifying the block position of the creaking heart.

block nbt | Added field `creaking`, which is a UUID specifying the linked creaking mob.

item component | Added option `bundle` to the `animation` field in the `consumable` item component.

tag data breaking | Removed item tag `#trim_templates`.

tag data | Renamed `_preferred_weapon` item tags to plural versions: `#skeleton_preferred_weapons`, `#piglin_preferred_weapons`, `#pillager_preferred_weapons`, and `#drowned_preferred_weapons`. Add item tag `#wither_skeleton_disliked_weapons`.

assets item | Blocks that previously has a special block entity renderer (banners, heads, beds, chests, conduits, decorated pots, shulker boxes and signs) will now also render normal block model over it.

assets item | Changed the `head` special model type. Added optional field `texture` referencing a texture in the `entity/` folder. If present, `profile` component is ignored.

assets item | Added `standing_sign` and `hanging_sign` special model types. They have fields `wood_type` and `texture`.

assets item | Removed `xmas` boolean property, replaced with `local_time`, with fields `locale`, `time_zone`, and `pattern`.

assets item | Removed `shift_down` boolean property, replaced with `extended_view`, which returns `true` if the player is holding shift in the UI.

assets item | Changed the `has_component` boolean property. Added optional field `ignore_default` (boolean), which defaults to `false`.

assets item | Added boolean property `keybind_down`, with field `keybind`.

assets item | Added string property `holder_type`, which returns the entity type of the item holder for compasses and clocks.
