pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 58.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 43.

command | Added `reset` subcommand to the `/attribute` command:
* `attribute <target> <attribute> base reset`

text | Added optional field `shadow_color` to text component style. It can either be a packed ARGB integer, or a list of 4 floats in the RGBA order.

particle breaking | Changed particle type `trail`. Added required field `duration`, which is a positive float.

particle | Added particle type `pale_oak_leaves`.

feature-flag | Removed feature flag `winter_drop`.

entity nbt breaking | Changed NBT of `tnt_minecart`:
* Renamed field `TNTFuse` to `fuse`
* Added optional field `explosion_speed_factor` (float between 0 and 128)

block-entity component | Items with the `block_entity_data` component will now only set the data if `id` matches the block entity type that was placed. 

worldgen breaking | Changed biome effects field `music`. It now is a weighted list of music objects. The list is also allowed to be empty.

worldgen | Added optional field `music_volume` (float) to biome effects. 

worldgen | Changed feature `simple_block`. Added optional field `schedule_tick`, which is a boolean.

assets breaking | The `toast/system` texture has been changed to use a nine-sliced texture. The `toast/tutorial` texture was unchanged, but nice-slicing is enabled.

assets breaking | The `advancements/box_obtained` and `advancements/box_unobtained` textures now have nice-slicing enabled.

command | Added a new event to the `/jfr` command: `StructureGeneration`.
