pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to `85.0`.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to `67.0`.

network | Added a server management API (JSON-RPC over WebSocket) for dedicated servers.

options breaking | Removed `allow-nether` server property in favor of new game rule `allowEnteringNetherUsingPortals`.

options breaking | Removed `spawn-monsters` server property in favor of new game rule `spawnMonsters`.

options breaking | Removed `enable-command-block` server property in favor of new game rule `enableCommandBlocks`.

options breaking | Removed `pvp` server property in favor of new game rule `pvp`.

options | Added `management-server-enabled` server property, which defaults to `false`. Controls whether the Minecraft Server Management Protocol is enabled.

options | Added `management-server-port` server property, which defaults to `25585`. Controls the port for the Minecraft Server Management Protocol.

options | Added `management-server-host` server property, which defaults to `localhost`. Controls the host for the Minecraft Server Management Protocol.

options | Added `status-heartbeat-interval` server property, which defaults to `0`. Controls the interval for server status notifications to connected clients.

gamerule | Added `pvp` game rule, which defaults to `true`. Controls whether players can deal damage to other players.

gamerule | Added `allowEnteringNetherUsingPortals` game rule, which defaults to `true`. Controls if the Nether can be entered through portals.

gamerule | Added `spawnMonsters` game rule, which defaults to `true`. Controls if monsters should spawn naturally.

gamerule | Added `enableCommandBlocks` game rule, which defaults to `true`. Controls if Command Blocks should be enabled or not.

data | Renamed `chain` to `iron_chain`.

assets | Renamed block sprite `chain` to `iron_chain`.

assets | Renamed item sprite `chain` to `iron_chain`.

text breaking | Updated object text component to support displaying non-character objects as part of text.

text | Added `atlas` object type for text components, which behaves the same as previous `object` component.

text | Added `player` object type for text components, which renders player head.
