pack | Pack versions now have minor versions
* A minor version increment of the game's pack version is backwards-compatible, meaning all packs made for previous iterations of the same major version will keep working
* Packs can set compatibility requirements on minor versions in case they rely on resources introduced in a minor version

pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to `82.0`.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to `65.0`.

pack breaking | The `supported_formats` field in `pack.mcmeta` has been removed.
* If your pack declares support for a pack version with the previous format (data pack < 82 or resource pack < 65), it is still required.
* Otherwise, it is not allowed and must be removed.

pack | The `pack_format` field in `pack.mcmeta` is now optional.
* If your pack declares support for a pack version with the previous format (data pack < 82, resource pack < 65), it is still required.

pack breaking | Added required fields `min_format` and `max_format` in `pack.mcmeta` that specifies the minimum and maximum version supported.
* A full version is specified as a list of two integers, e.g `[74, 1]`/
* Specifying a single integer is interpreted as that major version, e.g. `74` is the same thing as `[74, 0]`.
* Specifying a list of a single integer is interpreted the same as specifying that integer alone.

pack | The `formats` field for overlay entries in `pack.mcmeta` has been removed.
* If your pack includes any overlay range that includes a pack version with the previous format (data pack < 82, resource pack < 65), it is still required for all overlay definitions.
* Otherwise, it is not allowed and must be removed.

pack | Added required fields `min_format` and `max_format` in overlay entries in `pack.mcmeta`, with the same formats the fields with the same name for the `pack` section.

command | The `summon` command now fails when trying to summon monsters while the difficulty is set to Peaceful.

gamerule | Removed `spawnChunkRadius` game rule.

component | Changed the `blocks_attacks` item component. If the damage reduced in an attack is 0, for example by angle threshold not matching, the item can no longer get disabled in the attack, nor cause knockback due to blocking.

loot | Added `entity_interact` loot table type. It has required parameters `target_entity`, `interacting_entity`, and `tool`.

loot | Added `block_interact` loot table type. It has required parameters `block_state`, `block_entity`, `interacting_entity`, and `tool`.

loot | Changed entity predicates. Fields that specify a target entity in a loot table, such as `entity_properties.entity`, can now additionally target the `target_entity` and `interacting_entity` parameter types.

loot | Added `charged_creeper/root` loot table for drops when an entity is killed by a charged creeper. Once any mob killed drops an item from this loot table, other mobs killed by the same creeper will not drop from this loot table.

loot | Added `brush/armadillo` loot table for drops when an armadillo is brushed.

loot | Added `gameplay/turtle_grow` loot table for drops when a turtle grows into an adult.

loot | Added `harvest/beehive` loot table for drops when a Beehive or Bee Nest is harvested using shears.

loot | Added `harvest/cave_vine` loot table for drops when a cave vine with glowberries is harvested by interacting with it.

loot | Added `carve/pumpkin` loot table for drops when a pumpkin is carved using shears.

worldgen breaking | The `initial_density_without_jaggedness` field in `noise_settings` definitions has been replaced with a `preliminary_surface_level` field. Instead of a 3D density function it is now a 2D density function that should produce the y-level of the approximate surface.

worldgen | Added `find_top_surface` density function type, which approximates the topmost surface of a given density function. It has fields: `density`, `upper_bound`, `lower_bound`, and `cell_height`.

worldgen | Added `invert` density function type, which resolves to `1/argument`. It has one field: `argument`.

structure | The `max_distance_from_center` structure field may now specify a different restriction on the vertical axis from horizontal as an object with fields `horizontal` and `vertical`.

tag data | Added block tags `#copper_chests`, `#copper`, `#incorrect_for_copper_tool`, `#copper_golem_statues`.

tag data | Added item tags `#copper_chests`, `#copper`, `#copper_tool_materials`, `#repairs_copper_armor`, and `#copper_golem_statues`.

assets | Added new block sprites:
* `copper`
* `copper_left`
* `copper_right`
* `exposed_copper`
* `exposed_copper_left`
* `exposed_copper_right`
* `weathered_copper`
* `weathered_copper_left`
* `weathered_copper_right`
* `oxidized_copper`
* `oxidized_copper_left`
* `oxidized_copper_right`
* `acacia_shelf`
* `bamboo_shelf`
* `birch_shelf`
* `cherry_shelf`
* `crimson_shelf`
* `dark_oak_shelf`
* `jungle_shelf`
* `mangrove_shelf`
* `oak_shelf`
* `pale_oak_shelf`
* `spruce_shelf`
* `warped_shelf`

assets | Added new entity sprites:
* `copper_golem`
* `exposed_copper_golem`
* `weathered_copper_golem`
* `oxidized_copper_golem`
* `copper_golem_eyes`
* `exposed_copper_golem_eyes`
* `weathered_copper_golem_eyes`
* `oxidized_copper_golem_eyes`

assets | Added new item sprites:
* `copper_axe`
* `copper_boots`
* `copper_chestplate`
* `copper_golem_spawn_egg`
* `copper_helmet`
* `copper_hoe`
* `copper_leggings`
* `copper_nugget`
* `copper_pickaxe`
* `copper_shovel`
* `copper_sword`

assets | Added new sound events:
* `block.copper_chest.open`
* `block.copper_chest.close`
* `block.copper_chest_weathered.open`
* `block.copper_chest_weathered.close`
* `block.copper_chest_oxidized.open`
* `block.copper_chest_oxidized.close`
* `entity.copper_golem.step`
* `entity.copper_golem.hurt`
* `entity.copper_golem.death`
* `entity.copper_golem.spin`
* `entity.copper_golem_weathered.step`
* `entity.copper_golem_weathered.hurt`
* `entity.copper_golem_weathered.death`
* `entity.copper_golem_weathered.spin`
* `entity.copper_golem_oxidized.step`
* `entity.copper_golem_oxidized.hurt`
* `entity.copper_golem_oxidized.death`
* `entity.copper_golem_oxidized.spin`
* `item.armor.equip_copper`
* `entity.copper_golem.spawn`
* `entity.copper_golem.no_item_get`
* `entity.copper_golem.no_item_not_get`
* `entity.copper_golem.item_drop`
* `entity.copper_golem.item_no_drop`
* `entity.copper_golem_become_statue`
* `block.copper_golem_statue.break`
* `block.copper_golem_statue.place`
* `block.copper_golem_statue.hit`
* `block.copper_golem_statue.fall`
* `block.copper_golem_statue.step`
* `block.shelf.activate`
* `block.shelf.deactivate`
* `block.shelf.multi_swap`
* `block.shelf.place_item`
* `block.shelf.single_swap`

shader | Changes to full screen passes.
* The following vertex shaders have been removed, and replaced by `core/screenquad.vsh`: `core/blit_screen.vsh`, `post/blit.vsh`, `post/blur.vsh`, `post/invert.vsh`, `post/sobel.vsh`, and `post/screenquad.vsh`.
* Vertex shaders for post-processing effects, as well as lightmap generation and full screen blits are no longer are passed the `Position` attribute, and instead must assign vertex coordinates by `gl_VertexID`.
* These passes furthermore are only executed with 3 vertices, instead of a full quad.
