pack breaking | Data pack format has been increased to 69.

command | `/data` command can now create and modify heterogeneous lists transparently, and can no longer traverse paths with an empty key (e.g. `/data get ... foo.''.bar`).

nbt | Any interface with NBT data within the game now supports heterogeneous lists, i.e. ones where elements are not of the same type. 
* Inserting or replacing into a list of a different type with `/data` will no longer give an error.
* Inserting into an array type (e.g. `[I;1,2,3]`) is still type-restricted.
* The way how NBT data is saved remains unchanged, and heterogeneous lists are transformed before storage to bypass NBT constraints.

nbt | Numeric format in SNBT is now expanded.
* The integer part or fractional part of a float number can be ignored (e.g. `.1` and `1.` is supported now).
* Now supports scientific notation with E (e.g. `1.2e3`, `​1.2E3`, `1.2E+3` and `12000e-1` can be used to denote 1200 now).
* Hexadecimal and binary integer is now supported, denoted with a prefix of `0x` and `0b` respectively (e.g. `0xbad`=2989, `0xCAFE`=51966, `0b101`=5).
* Underscore `_` can be inserted between numbers, but it's not allowed to place underscore before or after numbers (e.g. `0b10_01`, `0xAB_CD`, `1_2.3_4__5f`, `1_2e3_4` is now supported).
* `NaN`, `Inf`, and Hexadecimal float number is not supported.

nbt breaking | Integers can not start with 0 now.

nbt | Integer types of number (`b`yte, `s`hort, `i`nt, `l`ong) can add `s` or `u` as a suffix, which represents signed and unsigned numbers, respectively. (e.g. `240ub`)
* These suffixes only affect the range when parsing, and the data is still stored in signed form (e.g. `240ub` is equivalent with `-16sb`, and `240sb` won't parse).
* Without these suffixes, decimal number is signed, while hexadecimal and binary number is unsigned by default.
* Single-byted hexadecimal number can only be written with symbolic suffix, since `b` is a valid hexadecimal number (e.g. `0x11ub`).

nbt | New escape sequence can be used in strings.
* Unicode escape is now supported in the following formats:
  * `\x`: 2-digit escape
  * `\u`: 4-digit escape
  * `\U`: 8-digit escape
  * `\N{<name>}`: escape Unicode characters by name (e.g. `\N{Snowman}`=☃)
* The following internal escape is now supported:
  * `\b`: backspace (`\x08`)
  * `\s`: space (`\x20`)
  * `\t`: horizontal tab (`\x09`)
  * `\n`: new line (`\u0a`)
  * `\f`: new page (`\u0c`)
  * `\r`: enter (`\u0d`)
* Strings without quotation marks can not start with `0-9`, `.`, `+` and `-` now.

nbt | Data in arrays without a suffix will assume they have a suffix that matches the type of the array (e.g. `[B;1,2]` is now equivalent with `[B;1b,2b]`).

nbt | Arrays now accept data that has a smaller type of itself (e.g. `[I;1b,2s,3]` is now equivalent with `[I;1i,2i,3i]`).

nbt | List and Compound now accept a single comma at the end, bur commas at the beginning and middle are not accepted (e.g. `[1,2,]` and `{a:b,}` is now accepted, but `[,]` and `{a:b,,}` is not accepted).

block data | The campfire's `CookingTimes` and `CookingTotalTimes` fields will no longer be preserved when removed.

block data | The chiseled bookshelf's `last_interacted_slot` field now defaults to -1 if not specified.

block data | The hopper's `TransferCooldown` field now default to -1 if not specified.

block data | For jigsaws, the `name`, `target`, and `pool` fields now default to `minecraft:empty`, and its `final_state` field defaults to `minecraft:air` if not specified. 

block data | The sculk shrieker's `warning_level` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.

block data | For structure blocks, the `ignoreEntities` and `showboundingbox` fields now default to `true`, and its `posY` field defaults to 1 if not specified.

entity data | The `FallFlying` field will no longer be preserved if removed.

entity data | The `Health` and `Air` fields now default to their respective maximum value if not specified.

entity data | The area effect cloud's `Duration` field now defaults to -1 if not specified. 

entity data | If an area effect cloud's `Duration` field is -1, it will never run out.

entity data | The creeper's `Fuse` field now defaults to 30, and its `ExplosionRadius` field now defaults to 3 if not specified.

entity data | The dolphin's `Moistness` field now defaults to 2400 if not specified.

entity data | The ender dragon's `DragonDeathTime` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.

entity data | For falling blocks:
* The `BlockState` field can now be `air` (will despawn immediately) - if otherwise not specified or invalid, defaults to `sand`.
* The `HurtEntities` field now defaults to `false` if not specified, or `true` if `BlockState` is `anvil`.
* The `FallHurtAmount` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.
* The `FallHurtMax` field now defaults to 40 if not specified.
* The `DropItem` field now defaults to `true` if not specified.
* The `TileEntityData` field will no longer be preserved if removed.

entity data | The firework rocket's `ShotAtAngle` field now defaults to `false` if not specified.

entity data | The fox's `Trusted` field now defaults to empty if not specified, and will no longer be merged with the previous state if modified by `/data`.

entity data | The ghast's `ExplosionPower` field now defaults to 1 if not specified.

entity data | The goat's `HasLeftHorn` and `HasRightHorn` fields now default to `true` if not specified.

entity data | The interaction entity's `width` and `height` fields now default to 1 if not specified.

entity data | For items:
* The `Health` field now defaults to 5 if not specified.
* The `PickupDelay` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.
* The `Age` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.
* The `Owner` and `Thrower` fields will no longer be preserved when removed.

entity data | The item frame and glowing item frame's `ItemDropChance` field now defaults to 1.0 if not specified.

entity data | For primed TNTs, the `fuse` field now defaults to 80, and the `explosion_power` field now defaults to 4 if not specified.

entity data | The shulker's `Color` field now defaults to 16 (no color) if not specified.

entity data | The skeleton's `StrayConversionTime` field will no longer be preserved when removed.

entity data | The snow golem's `Pumpkin` field now defaults to `true` if not specified.

entity data | The spectral arrow's `Duration` field now defaults to 200 if not specified.

entity data | For TNT minecarts:
* The `fuse` field now defaults to 80 if not specified.
* The `explosion_power` field now defaults to 4 if not specified.
* The `explosion_speed_factor` field now defaults to 1 if not specified.

entity data | The trader llama's `DespawnDelay` field now defaults to 47999.

entity data | For villagers, the `FoodLevel` and `Xp` fields now default to 0 if not specified, and the `ConversionTime` field will no longer be preserved when removed.

entity data | The wandering trader's `DespawnDelay` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.

entity data | The zombie's `DrownedConversionTime` field will no longer be preserved when removed.

entity data | For zombie villagers, the `Xp` field now defaults to 0 if not specified, and the `ConversionTime` field will no longer be preserved when removed.

entity data | For arrows, spectral arrows, and tridents, the `damage` field now defaults to 2 if not specified.

entity data | For `dragon_fireball`, `wind_charge`, `breeze_wind_charge`, `wither_skull`, `small_fireball`, and `large_fireball`, the `acceleration_power` field now defaults to 0.1 if not specified.

entity data | For `small_fireball` and `large_fireball`, the `ExplosionPower` field now defaults to 1 if not specified.

entity data | For all kinds of display entities:
* The `interpolation_duration`, `teleport_duration`, and `start_interpolation` fields now default to 0 if not specified.
* The `view_range` field now defaults to 1 if not specified.
* The `shadow_radius` field now defaults to 0 if not specified.
* The `shadow_strength` field now defaults to 1 if not specified.
* The `width` and `height` fields now default to 0 if not specified.

worldgen | Added new feature `fallen_tree` and decorator `attached_to_logs`.

tag | `farmland` is included in `#dry_vegetation_may_place_on`.

tag | `leaf_litter` is included in `#replaceable`.

tag | `cactus_flower` is included in `#wall_post_override`.

jar | Client jar has a new option `--renderDebugLabels`, which add debug tags for related OpenGL objects to make it easier for developers to debug rendering.
