pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 62.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 47.

variant | Added pig variants, which are stored in the `pig_variant` sub-folder. It has fields `biome` (list of biomes or tag), `model` (one of `normal` or `cold`), and `texture` (resource locations ending with `.png`).

predicate | Added new entity sub-predicate `pig` for matching pig variants.

structure | Structure blocks in the LOAD mode have a new option `Strict Placement`. When set to false, block updates will not be triggered upon placement.

nbt entity | The `Owner` field of tamed animals is no longer restricted to referencing players.

text breaking | Text components are specified with SNBT instead of JSON wrapped in a string.
* This change occurs in places such as the `/title` and `/tellraw` commands, or in item components.
* For example, `custom_name="{\"text\":\"Renamed item\"}"` is now `custom_name={text:'Renamed item'}`.

text breaking | Text style is specified with SNBT instead of JSON in the `/scoreboard` command when the `styled` number format is specified.

text breaking | The text component `hoverEvent` has been renamed to `hover_event`.
* The `value` field is no longer supported.
* In the `show_text` action, `contents` has been renamed to `text`.
* In the `show_item` action, `contents` has been inlined. If the only data inside it was an item id, it is instead fully replaced with an `id` field.
* In the `show_entity` action, `contents` has been inlined, `id` has been renamed to `uuid`, and `type` has been renamed to `id`.

text breaking | The text component `clickEvent` has been renamed to `click_event`.
* In the `open_url` action, `value` has been renamed to `url`.
* In the `run_command` and `suggest_command` actions, `value` has been renamed to `command`. The `/` prefix is now optional.
* In the `change_page` action, `value` has been renamed to `page`, and `page` requires a positive integer instead of a string.
* In the event of an invalid URI or disallowed characters, events will no longer parse instead of simply not working.

command breaking | The `/setblock` and `/fill` commands handle block entity data according to the following new rules:
* Existing block entity data is preserved if not specified in the command, otherwise it is overwritten.
* To clear block entity data, `{}` must be specified in the command.
* The command's operation is considered successful if either the block state or the block entity data changed.

command | The commands `/fill`, `/clone`, `/setblock`, and `/place template` accept new option `strict`, which places blocks as-is without block updates.

command | The `replace` option in the `/fill` command no longer forces the end of the command, and can now be followed with additional options.

tag data | Added block tag `#replaceable_by_mushrooms` to describe all blocks replaceable by a placed or grown mushroom.

tag data | Added block tag `#sword_instantly_mines` to describe all blocks instantly destroyed by swords.

tag data | Added item tag `#book_cloning_target` to describe all items which can be crafted together with a written book to clone the book.

tag data | Added biome tags `#spawns_cold_variant_farm_animals` and `#spawns_warm_variant_farm_animals` to describe all biomes that spawn cold and warm farm animal variants, respectively.

entity nbt breaking | The `ArmorDropChances`, `HandDropChances`, and `body_armor_drop_chance` fields have been merged into a single field `drop_chances`.
* Valid equipment slots include `head`, `chest`, `legs`, `feet`, `mainhand`, `offhand`, and `body`.
* If not specified, chances default to `0.085f`. Default chances are not stored, and if all chances are default, the entire `drop_chances` field is removed.

entity nbt | Area effect clouds have a new field `potion_duration_scale`, which scales the duration of the potion. Those created by lingering potions have a scale of `0.25`, but otherwise defaults to `1.0`.

recipe | The `result` field in the `crafting_transmute` recipe type supports specifying a count and components patch.
* The new format is an object with the fields of `id` (item id), `count` (positive integer), and `components` (component patch object).
* The previous format of an inlined item id is still supported.

item component | Added item component `weapon`, which increments the `Item Used` statistic when present, and specifies item damage done with each attack.
* The format is an object with fields `damage_per_attack` (integer amount to damage the weapon on each attack) and `can_disable_shield` (disables a blocking Shield if `true`).

item component | Added item component `potion_duration_scale`, which scales effects by a float when the `potion_contents` or `custom_effects` components are present.

item component | Added optional field `can_destroy_blocks_in_creative` to the `tool` item component, which prevents the breaking of blocks with the item in Creative if set to `false`.

assets texture breaking | Changed the size of the `pig` texture.
