pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 67.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 52.

entity predicate | The entity predicate `stepping_on` can now only evaluate to `true` if the entity is on the ground.

tag data | Added block tag `#camels_spawnable_on`, which contains blocks camels can spawn on.

tag data | Added structure tag `#on_<biome>_village_maps`, which contains structures that can spawn on explorer maps for that type, where `<biome>` is one of `savanna`, `desert`, `plains`, `taiga`, `snowy`, `swamp`, and `jungle`.

entity data breaking | The `Pos`, `Motion` and `Rotation` entity data fields must take the correct number of components (3, 3, and 2, respectively), otherwise the data will now be discared.

entity data breaking | The `SleepingX`, `SleepingY`, and `SleepingZ` entity data fields have been removed and combined into a single `sleeping_pos` field, which takes an array of three ints.

entity data | Block states defined in entity data of arrows, minecarts, block displays, endermen, falling blocks, primed tnt, and piston moving blocks can no longer be defined as an empty object.

entity data | The following entity data fields will no longer stay persistent when removed via `/data` or other data modification methods:
* fox: `Trusted`
* item: `Owner` and `Thrower`
* shulker bullet: `Dir` and `Target`
* villager and zombie villager: `Gossips`
* wandering trader: `wander_target`
* evoker fangs, area of effect cloud, and all projectiles: `Owner`
* arrow, spectral arrow, and trident: `inBlockState` and `SoundEvent`
* block, item, and text displays: `glow_color_override`
* witch, ravager, pillager, illusioner, evoker, and vindicator: `patrol_target`

entity data | Removed the `CanDuplicate` field in allay entity data, as it is already controlled via `DuplicationCooldown`.

entity data | The `CollarColor` field in cat and dog entity data defaults to `14` (red) if not specified.

entity data breaking | Removed the `TreasurePosX`, `TreasurePosY`, and `TreasurePosZ` fields in dolphin entity data.

entity data | The `BlockState` field in falling block entity data can be defined as `air`, and defaults to `sand` if invalid or unspecified.

entity data | The `Trusted` field in fox entity data now defaults to empty if not specified.

entity data breaking | For phantom entity data, the `Size` field is renamed to `size`, and `AX`, `AY`, and `AZ` fields are removed and combined into a single `anchor_pos` field.

entity data breaking | For player entity data, the `SpawnX`, `SpawnY`, `SpawnZ`, `SpawnAngle`, `SpawnDimension`, and `SpawnForced` fields are removed and combined into a single `respawn` object field. The object has fields `pos`, `angle`, `dimension`, and `forced`.

entity data breaking | For player entity data, the `enteredNetherPosition` field is renamed to `entered_nether_pos`, and now takes a list of doubles.

entity data | The `block_state` field in primed tnt entity data now defaults to `tnt` if not specified.

entity data breaking | For turtle entity data, the `HasEgg` field is renamed to `has_egg`; the `HomePosX`, `HomePosY`, and `HomePosZ` fields are removed and combined into a single `home_pos` field; and the `TravelPosX`, `TravelPosY`, and `TravelPosZ` field are removed.

entity data breaking | For vex entity data, the `LifeTicks` is renamed to `life_ticks`, and the `BoundX`, `BoundY`, and `BoundZ` fields are removed and combined into a single `bound_pos` field.

entity data breaking | For item frame, glow item frame, and leash knot entity data, the `TileX`, `TileY`, and `TileZ` fields are removed and combined into a single `block_pos` field.

entity data breaking | For minecart and minecart adjacent entity data, the `CustomDisplayTile` field is removed, the `DisplayState` field will always override the default displayed block state when specified, and `DisplayOffset` can now override the default offset even if a custom display block state set is not specified.

block data | The following block data fields will no longer stay persistent when removed via `/data` or other data modification methods:
* all applicable: `CustomName` and `LootTable`
* end gateway: `exit_portal`
* furnace, smoker, and blast furnace: `RecipesUsed`
* skull: `note_block_sound`

assets breaking | Mooshroom models now have a snout.

shader breaking | Shader program definitions in JSON files for core shaders and post-processing effects have been removed.

shader breaking | Removed field `program` in shader definitions and replaced it with fields `vertex_shader` and `fragment_shader`, where `<namespace>:<path>` will resolve to `assets/<namespace>/shaders/<path>.<vsh|fsh>`.

shader breaking | In each `uniform`, the `type` field is now required, accepting value types of any `int`, `ivec3`, `float`, `vec2`, `vec3`, `vec4`, and `matrix4`.

shader | In each uniform, the `values` field is now optional.

entity | The `firstperson_lefthand` and `thirdperson_lefthand` transforms of item display entities are now rendered the same as when held in hand.

entity | When an item stack entity is on the ground, model size is taken into account when deciding the hovering motion, preventing the item entity from clipping into the block below it.
