pack breaking obsolete | Data pack format has been increased to 64.

pack breaking obsolete | Resource pack format has been increased to 49.

entity data breaking | The `potion` entity type has been split into `splash_potion` and `lingering_potion`.

item component | Filled maps without a `map_id` component no longer show an 'Unknown Map' tooltip.

advancement breaking | The `background` field in advancements no longer contains the `texture/` prefix and `.png` suffix.

text | SNBT has been expanded to accept heterogenous lists. For example, `['a', {'b':3}]` is stored as `[{'':'a'},{'b':3}]`.

tag data | Added entity tag `#can_wear_horse_armor` to contain all entities which can hold horse armor in their body slot.

tag data breaking obsolete | Renamed damage type tag `#bypasses_shield` to `#bypasses_blocking`.

tag data | Removed cat variant tags `#default_spawns` and `#full_moon_spawns`.

variant breaking | Replaced `biome` and similarly named fields with `spawn_conditions`, containing a list of entries with the fields `priority` (integer) and `condition` (optional object). The `condition` object has a `type` field, with additional fields dependent on `type`:
* Type `minecraft:biome` - Checks if entity is in a biome, with field `biomes` accepting a single entry, list, or biome tag
* Type `minecraft:moon_brightness` - Checks if the moon brightness is in the range `range`, a single number or floating point range object
* Type `minecraft:structures` - Check if entity is in a structure, with field `structures` accepting a single entry, list, or structure tag

variant breaking | Wolf variants have the `angry_texture`, `tame_texture`, and `wild_texture` fields grouped into a single `assets` field, renamed to `angry`, `tame`, and `wild` respectively.

variant breaking | Pig variants have the `texture` field renamed to `asset_id`.

variant | Cat variants can now be data-driven, with entries in the `cat_variant` folder. The file takes fields `asset_id` and `spawn_conditions`.

variant | Frog variants can now be data-driven, with entries in the `frog_variant` folder. The file takes fields `asset_id` and `spawn_conditions`.

item component breaking | The `can_disable_blocking` field is replaced with `disable_blocking_for_seconds` in the `weapon` component, taking a non-negative float to disable a shield for the specified amount of seconds.

item component | Added item component `blocks_attacks`, which allows the item to block attacks like a shield when present with the following fields:
* `block_delay_seconds` - Non-negative float representing the amount of seconds right-click must be held before successfully blocking attacks
* `disable_cooldown_scale` - Non-negative float representing a multiplier applied to the number of seconds the item is on cooldown for after blocking an attack that can disable it
* `damage_redution` - List of objects controlling how much damage is blocked per attack. Each object has the fields `type` (blocks only if specific damage type is used), `base` (constant amount of damage to block), and `factor` (fraction of damage to block)
* `item_damage` - Object controlling how much durability damage is dealt to the item. The object has the fields `threshhold` (minimum attack damage before item damage is applied), `base` (contant amount of damage to apply), and `factor` (fraction of damage to apply).
* `block_sound` - Optional sound effect to play when an attack is successfully blocked
* `disable_sound` - Optional sound effect to play when an attack disables the item

item component | Added item component `break_sound`, which is a sound event that plays when the item runs out of durability and breaks.

item component | Added item component `provides_banner_patterns`, which is a banner pattern tag allowing the item to be placed in the pattern slot of a Loom.

item component | Added item component `provides_trim_material`, which is a trim material id provided when used in a trimming recipe.

entity component | The `minecraft:custom_name`, `minecraft:potion_contents`, and `minecraft:potion_duration_scale` entity components are now transferred from spawning item to entity.

item component breaking | Removed item components `hide_additional_tooltip` and `hide_tooltip`.

item component | Added item component `tooltip_display`, allowing tooltips provided by an item component to be surpressed. It is an object with fields `hide_tooltip` (boolean to hide all tooltips) and `hidden_components` (list of item component ids to surpress tooltips from).

item component breaking | Removed the `show_in_tooltip` field for the `attribute_modifiers`, `dyed_color`, `can_place_on`, `can_break`, `enchantments`, `stored_enchantments`, `jukebox_playable`, `trim`, and `unbreakable` components. It is replaced by the new `tooltip_display` component.

particle breaking | The `tinted_leaves` particle type now takes a `color` field, either as a packed integer or list of 4 integers.

recipe breaking | The `base` field in the `crafting_transmute` recipe type is no longer optional.

recipe breaking | The `base`, `template`, and `addition` fields in the `smithing_trim` recipe type are no longer optional.

recipe | Added a `pattern` field to the `smithing_trim` recipe type, a trim pattern id controlling which trim pattern is applied in the recipe.

trim breaking | Definitions for trim patterns and materials no longer include an `item` field, instead being defined by the recipe.

loot | The `toggle_tooltips` field now supports any component id in the `toggles` map.

assets item | Selected values from the `component` data source in `select` item models will silently ignore missing entries instead of ignoring the entire item model.

assets item | Added new conditional model property `component` to the `condition` item model, using component predicates to match item components. It takes fields `predicate` (member of `data_component_predicate_type`) and `value` (predicate value).

assets | Added new `separator` field to the `minecraft:paletted_permutations` sprite source, an optional string used when joining texture and permutation names for the sprite name.