recipe | Added field `category` to recipes. Depending on the recipe type there are different options:
* crafting recipes: one of `building`, `redstone`, `equipment`, or `misc`
* smelting recipes: one of `food`, `blocks`, or `misc`
* blasting recipes: one of `blocks` or `misc`
* smoking recipes: `food`
* campfire recipes: `food`
* stonecutting recipes: no category
* smithing recipes: no category

pack | Added field `features` to `pack.mcmeta`, which is an object with a single list: `enabled`. This list can contain feature flags. The available feature flags are `vanilla`, `bundle`, and `update_1_20`.

data jar | Added folder `datapacks` to the vanilla datapack containing the feature flag datapacks. It contains the datapacks `bundle` and `update_1_20`.

block block-entity nbt | Added block entity `chiseled_bookshelf`. It has a list `Items`.

block block-entity nbt | Added block entity `hanging_sign`. It has the same NBT tags as other signs.

entity nbt | Added entity `camel`. It has NBT tags `IsSitting` (boolean) and `LastPoseTick` (long)

tag data | Added block tag `invalid_spawn_inside`. It contains two blocks by default: `end_portal` and `end_gateway`.

tag data | Added block and item tag `stripped_logs`, containing all the stripped logs and stems.

memory | Added memory module type `gaze_cooldown_ticks`, which has an int as value.

assets sound | Added different sound events for bamboo wood and nether wood, prefixed with `block.bamboo_wood` and `block.nether_wood` respectively.

assets lang | The realms translations are now merged with the base language files.
